How many points did the Panthers defense give up?  Which defensive tackle led the team in sacks with 11, while recovering two.  Who was the NFL's active career sack leader with 136? 
How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game?  What team did The Broncos beat in the divisional round, 23-16, by intercepting a pass on New England's pass? 
Who was the first quarterback to lead two different teams to multiple Super Bowls?  Who is the oldest quarterback ever to play in a Super Bowl at age 39? 
Who performed the national anthem?  Who provided American Sign Language translation? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line?  Who stripped the ball away from Newton? 
Where was the Summer Theatre in operation from 1870 to 1939?  What was the best example of polish monumental theatre? 
In what year did they win Ekstraklasa Championship?  What is the name of Poland's home venue? 
What was the population of Warsaw in 1901?  What percentage of people in Warsaw were Catholics in 1901  How many Protestants were there in 1909? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland?  What is a city also a commune but with the city charter? 
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established?  When did the Warsaw Stock Exchange re-establish? 
What were the populations before Rollo's arrival considered?  When did Viking settlers begin arriving in the eastern part of the Cotentin Peninsula? 
Who were the two most prominent Norman families to arrive in the Mediterranean?  When did Rainulf Drengot receive the county of Aversa? 
When did the Normans enter Italy?  Who were the Norman mercenaries first encouraged to come to the south by the Lombards? 
What did some Normans join to aid in the destruction of Sassoun and Taron?  Who led a force of "Franks" into the upper Euphrates valley in northern Syria? 
When did the expedition lead by Jean de Bethencourt and the Poitevine Gadifer de la Salle conquer the Canarian islands of Lanzarote, Fuerteventura and El Hierro off the Atlantic coast of Africa?  Where were the troops gathered between 1402 and 1405? 
What did Tesla's patents earn him?  Where did most of his life spend his time in New York hotels? 
When did Edison's company Tesla partner with two businessmen?  What was the name of the electric lighting company created by Tesla? 
In what year was Tesla granted patents for a system of transmitting electrical energy?  Who made his first transatlantic radio transmission? 
In what year did Edison receive one of 38 possible bids?  How many bids did Tesla receive in 1937? 
What article did Tesla publish in 1937?  When was "A Machine to End War" published? 
What branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty?  Computational complexity theory is a branch of what? 
What is a problem instance when considering computational problems?  What is the binary alphabet usually taken to be? 
What is it tempting to think about the notion of function problems?  Function problems can be recast as what? 
What is used for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space?  What is the time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x? 
How many complexity classes are suspected to be unequal?  What is possible if P is not equal to PSPACE? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout the world?  When was corporal punishment banned in the U.S.? 
What is the average age of teachers in Wales?  When did attacks on Welsh schools reach an all-time high? 
How long does it take for public school teachers to get a license to teach in public schools?  What is the minimum amount of years a teachers can receive certificates that last as long as they're certified by the state in which they teach? 
What is the spiritual teacher known as in Hinduism?  What emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high in many traditions of Hinduism.  Gurus often exercising a great deal of control over what? 
What are the teachers of Dharma in Tibet most commonly called?  What is a Lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn? 
When did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy?  What was the name of the short commentary that Luther published on Galatians and his Work on the Psalms? 
When did Luther widen his target from individual pieties like indulgences and pilgrimages to doctrines at the heart of Church practices?  What did Luther condemned as idolatry in the idea that the mass is a sacrifice to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation? 
When was William Tyndale's English Bible written?  What did the Luther Bible influence other vernacular translations? 
When did Luther write the hymn "Ein neues Lied wir heben an"?  Who were the first individuals to be martyred by the Roman Catholic Church for Lutheran views?  What was the name of the first hymn written by Luther? 
What was the name of Luther's last statement?  What language was the last statement written by Luther? 
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the US?  Which county is the center of its metropolitan area? 
How many metropolitan areas does Southern California have?  What is the population of the Greater Los Angeles Area? 
What is the second-busiest airport in the US by passenger volume?  What is San Diego International Airport the world's busiest single runway airport? 
What is the name of the professional sports team in Southern California?  Which league does LA Galaxy play? 
How many Major League Soccer teams played in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2014?  Where were the LA Galaxy and Chivas USA based? 
What standard definition broadcasts are in DVB-compliant MPEG-2?  What standard does most of HD material use? 
When was Sky Digital launched?  What was the orbital position of the Astra 2A satellite? 
When did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels?  What company re-branded NTL's services as Virgin Media? 
What did The Daily Mail newspaper report in 2012?  What was the name of the MP who proposed the payments of benefits and tax credits on a "Welfare Cash Card"?  Who was the Conservative MP that proposed that a subscription to BSkyB could be used to buy only "essentials"? 
What is the fixed annual carriage fee for BSkyB channels?  How much does the new deal include? 
What are Victoria's main political parties?  What is the centre-left Australian Labor Party (ALP)?  Which Australian Greens are strongest in inner Melbourne? 
When was Victoria's written constitution enacted?  What does the Victorian Constitution Act 1855 establish as the state's lawmaking body for matters coming under state responsibility? 
What is the historical base for the manufacturing plants of Ford, Toyota, and Holden?  When did Toyota's statement in February 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017.  In what year did Ford's decision to close Victoria's plants? 
What gauge do Victorian lines mainly use?  What does the interstate trunk routes have in the west of the state converted to? 
What was Australia divided into after the founding of the colony of New South Wales?  When was Australia split into a western half named New South Welsh? 
What caused the political and military privileges of the Huguenots to be abolished?  When was the Edict of Fontainebleau issued? 
How many French Huguenots migrated from England to Virginia in 1700?  What did the English Crown promised to land grants in Lower Norfolk County  How many miles above the falls of the James River did colonial authorities offer them? 
When did Jacques Lefevre die?  Who was a professor at the University of Paris during the Protestant Reformation  When was the whole Bible published in the French language? 
What did most of the Huguenot congregations in North America eventually affiliate with?  What did the Huguenots adapt quickly and often married outside of their immediate French communities to lead to? 
Who invited Huguenots to settle in his realms?  Who was the last Prime Minister of the German Democratic Republic? 
What is another term for burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space?  What is the heat source of a model steam engine? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines?  When were early versions of the steam engine indicator first used? 
What is the efficiency of a Rankine cycle limited by?  What is a theoretical Carnot efficiency for a modern coal fired power station? 
What company in Sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam?  What percentage of the efficiency of Energiprojekt's steam engine reaches 27-30% on high pressure engines? 
What are rotating discs called in a steam turbine?  What are stators called that are mounted on a drive shaft? 
Who discovered oxygen independently?  Where was oxygen discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele  Who coined the name oxygen in 1777? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study?  What was James dewar's profession? 
What does the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms determine?  What is the lighter isotope that evaporates faster than water molecules containing the 12% heavier oxygen--18? 
How many spectrophotometric absorption bands does Oxygen present?  What wavelengths does oxygen present at the wavelength 687 and 760 nm? 
What do hyperbaric medicine use to increase the partial pressure of O 2 around the patient?  What does increase O 2 concentration in the lungs help to displace from the heme group of hemoglobin? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel?  What was Iran's second-largest oil exporter? 
What caused immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security?  How long did it take for oil companies to find new ways to increase oil supplies? 
Who was the first administrator of the Federal Energy Office in 1973?  What was the name of the short-term organization that Nixon named to coordinate the response to the embargo in 1973  In 1974, what percentage of American gasoline stations had no fuel? 
What led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power, and domestic fossil fuels?  What have American energy policies been dominated by? 
What were the first Japanese compacts called?  What was the name of the larger car that was introduced by Toyota and Nissan? 
Who was the special technical assistant of Seamans?  When did the ad-hoc committee recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the Apollo program  Who became a champion of LOR? 
What was the name of the crew that would fly the first Block II CSM and LM in a dual mission known as?  What was replaced with the traditional visor helmet? 
Who decided to name their flight Apollo 1 as motivational focus on the first manned flight?  Where did Grissom, White, and Chaffee conduct test of their spacecraft? 
When did the plugs-out test begin?  What did the crew notice in their spacesuits? 
What was the budget of the original lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11?  Who compiled the original Apollo 11 lunar data? 
When was the Maastricht Treaty signed?  When were minor amendments made to the Treaty of Rome? 
What is the EU's principle of equality of its citizens meant to be founded on?  Why is equality and democracy deficient under the Treaties? 
Since its founding, what has the EU operated among?  What is the Court of Justice's view about EU law? 
When was the European Convention on Human Rights established?  What did the European Court of Justice recognise as a general principle of European Union law as the need to ensure that European Union measures are compatible with human rights enshrined in member states' constitution? 
When was the UK Labour Party election?  What did the UK formally subscribe to in 1997? 
What is the name of the moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America?  What percentage of Brazil's rainforest is contained in Brazil? 
What was the total area of forest lost in the Amazon between 1991 and 2000?  What percentage of formerly forested land is used for livestock pasture? 
What has been used to justify many of the controversial transportation projects that are currently developing in the Amazon?  The first two highways successfully opened up the rainforest and led to increased settlement and deforestation? 
How much of the world's terrestrial primary productivity does Amazonian evergreen forests account for?  What could accelerate global warming? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought?  How many epicenters did the drought have in 2010  What was the typical year of absorbing carbon dioxide from the Amazon? 
What do most ctenophores take prey from?  What do coastal beroids lack? 
Where have fossils thought to represent ctenophores been found?  When did the early Cambrian extinction occur? 
What are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion?  How many strips do most species have? 
What are extremely rare as fossils?  Where were ctenophores rarely found? 
What is very important to our understanding of the early evolution of animals and the origin of multicellularity?  Ctenophores are purported to be the sister lineage to whom? 
What is the West Side of Fresno also called?  Which freeway divides Fresno from Downtown Fresno? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after?  Who was the early 20th century entrepreneur and millionaire in the city of Fresno? 
What percentage of households had children under 18 living in them?  What is the average family size? 
What is the name of the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley?  State Route 99 connects Clovis and Huntington Lake to which city? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway?  When was the Interstate Highway System created? 
What does each packet include in connectionless mode?  How are the packets routed in connectless mode sometimes resulting in different paths and out of order delivery? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational?  Before the introduction of X.25 how many network technologies had been developed before they became operational before X.25? 
What company created DECnet?  When was DECnet originally released? 
When was Merit Network, Inc. formed?  What was the name of the Michigan Educational Research Information Triad? 
What is Internet2 a not-for-profit United States computer networking consortium?  What was the first internet2 network built by the internet2 community in 1998? 
Where did the most authoritative account of the Middle Ages come from?  Who blamed the heavens in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused "great pestilence in the air"?  What is the most widely accepted theory of plague? 
How many previously unknown but related clades were found in the Y. pestis genome?  When did the first variant of plague pit reach Europe through the port of Marseille? 
Who suggested that the cause of the Y. pestis was a combination of anthrax and other pandemics?  Which archaeologist argued that it may have been a form of infectious disease that characterizes as hemorrhagic plague similar to Ebola? 
How many people died of the plague in Paris in 1466?  How many times did the Black Death occur in Paris between 1350 and 1490? 
What ravaged much of the Islamic world?  How many locations in the world were present every year between 1500 and 1850.  In 1620-21, Algiers lost how many inhabitants to it? 
How many timelines show the geologic time scale?  The first scale shows the entire time from the formation of the earth to the present, but this compresses the most recent eon with what? 
What is the principle of faunal succession based on?  What does the presence of fossils in sedimentary rocks provide to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found? 
What do scientists use to analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field?  What can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface? 
Who is of the opinion that the origin of science of geology can be traced to Persia after the Muslim conquests had come to an end?  Who was one of the earliest Persian geologists who hypothesized that the Indian subcontinent was once a sea? 
Who is often viewed as the first modern geologist?  In what year did James Hutton present a paper entitled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? 
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle?  Who founded the bridge in Newcastle in the 2nd century AD.  What is the name of the Roman fort and bridge across the River Tyne? 
What was the original name of the Butcher Market?  When was the Grainger Market first opened in the Newcastle area  How many guests attended the dinner at the Notre Dame dinner? 
What is the name of the folk-rock group Lindisfarne?  What was the most famous song of the Folk-rock band Lindis Farne released in 1971  Who was a member of local rock band Geordie before becoming the lead vocalist of AC/DC? 
What is the name of the system of suburban and underground railways covering much of Newcastle and Wear?  How many phases did the Tyne and Wear Metro open? 
How many universities does Newcastle have?  When did Newcastle University become independent from Durham University? 
Who was the first director of the V&A museum?  When was the Museum of Manufactures first opened at Marlborough House? 
When did the T.T. Tsui Gallery of Chinese art open?  How many V&As pieces are in the Far East collection of art from China, Japan, and Korea  What is one of the oldest pieces of the Buddha dated to c.750 AD? 
How many outfits are in the costume collection in Britain?  What department holds costume sketches, design notebooks, and other works on paper.  In what year did the V&A receive a significant gifts of costume? 
When did the Musical Instruments gallery close?  How many names did the online petition lead to? 
How many paintings did John Sheepshanks donate in 1857?  Who donated the majority of the artworks to the museum in 1888? 
What did ABC launch in 2000?  What was the name of the comic book character that prompted visitors to "download the dot"? 
In what year did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity?  Who designed the minimalist graphic identity on ABC in 1998  What was introduced alongside the "We Love TV" image campaign? 
When did Noble appoint Robert Kintner to be ABC's president?  What was the name of the network that was merged between UPT and DuMont Television Network? 
In what decade did ABC complete its transition to color?  What did ABC use behavioral and demographic data to help determine what types of sponsors to sell advertising slots? 
When did ABC dominated the American television landscape?  How much of prime time TV viewership did ABC represent in the U.S. in the 1980s  Who starred in Charlie's Angels in 1981? 
What tribe did Temujin marry?  How old was Börte when he married him? 
Who was elected khan of the Mongols in 1186?  Who threatened the traditional Mongolian aristocracy and attracted a broader range of followers? 
When did Chinese Nationalist soldiers take the mausoleum from its position at the Lord's Enclosure?  What monastery was taken through Communist-held territory in Yan'an? 
Who did not conquer all the areas ultimately part of the Mongol Empire?  When was Genghis Khan's death? 
What caused mass murders in Khuzestan?  What descendant of Hulagu Khan destroyed much of Iran's northern part? 
What is a pharmacy technician considered in the UK?  What is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals? 
When was Muhammad ibn Zakarīya Rāzi born?  What was the name of Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi when he pioneered the preparation of medicines by sublimation and distillation.  When did Ibn al-Wafid die? 
What is the dispensary subject to in most countries?  What is required for storage conditions, compulsory texts, equipment, and equipment specified in legislation? 
What does a consultant pharmacy focus on?  Where do a majority of nursing homes consultant pharmacists typically work? 
What does AMA stand for?  What percentage of American physicians dispense drugs on their own? 
What can disorders of the immune system result in?  What does immunodeficiency result in in humans when they are less active than normal? 
What are often used to control the effects of inflammation?  What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs? 
What are the two effector cells that peak during wake periods?  What are cytotoxic natural killer cells called during awake active times? 
Where do many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system exist?  What is the name of a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates? 
What is the simplest approach to evade the adaptive immune system?  What is an example of a rapid change of non-essential epitopes on the surface of pathogen? 
Who wrote the political poem The Mask of Anarchy?  What was the first modern statement of the principle of nonviolent protest? 
What is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged wrong by an individual conscience?  Gandhi's acts have been described as what? 
What are some forms of civil disobedience?  What does Brownlee say a limited coercion is necessary to do? 
Why do some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment?  What is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established? 
What does a plea bargain to civil disobedients sometimes propose?  What did activists use to secure the same plea agreement for everyone? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?  Where does construction typically take place without a designated purchaser? 
What is the name of the trade magazine for the construction industry?  How many market segments did the EnR compile in 2014? 
What are the three subsectors of the Standard Industrial Classification?  What are construction service firms called? 
What is the modern trend in design?  What is a firm that has experts from all related fields as employees called? 
What must a project adhere to zoning and building code requirements?  What are some legal requirements that come from malum in se considerations or the desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad? 
What type of schools are secondary or post-secondary schools?  Who run Ergänzungsschulen? 
What are private schools called in India?  What does a private school receive financial aid from the government  How many Examination Boards are present in multiple states? 
When were some of the oldest schools in South Africa established?  What does the South African Schools Act of 1996 recognise? 
When did white government schools convert to a semi-private form called Model C?  What did many of these schools change their admissions policies to accept children of other races? 
When was Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka decided to desegregate schools?  What was the academic content of the academies? 
How many academic units does Harvard have?  How many faculties are there at Harvard's main campus? 
What is the name of the pedestrian bridge over Charles River connecting both Harvard and Cambridge campuses?  How large is the Harvard Stadium? 
When did student activists erected a symbolic "shantytown" on Harvard Yard?  Who blockaded a speech given by South African Vice Consul Duke Kent-Brown? 
What organization characterized undergraduate admissions as "more selective, lower transfer-in"?  What percentage of applicants did Harvard College accept for the class of 2019?  When was the Early Action program reintroduced? 
Who is the U.S. Ambassador to the European Union?  Which country's president is José María Figueres? 
What is the largest city by population in the US state of Florida?  When did the city government consolidate? 
Where is Jacksonville located?  What river is located on the banks of the St. Johns River in Florida  When was Fort Caroline established? 
Who charted the St. Johns River in 1562 calling it the River of May?  Why did Jean Ribault chart the Saint. John River? 
Which city suffered from negative effects of urban sprawl after World War II?  What led residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs after the war? 
How many hurricanes have hit Jacksonville since 1871?  When did Hurricane Dora hit the First Coast? 
Who presented evidence in 2009 that global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand?  Who wrote that "income inequality harms growth"?  What has become the secret to growth? 
When did Galor and Zeira show that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development?  What is inequality associated with in accordance with the Credit Market imperfection approach? 
What hypothesis states that inequality first increases, then decreases?  Who argues that the Kuznets curve hypothesis cannot account for the significant increase in economic inequality throughout the developed world since the 1970's. 
When did some theories establish possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development?  According to a 1955 review, savings by the wealthy were thought to offset reduced consumer demand.  What did a 2013 report on Nigeria suggest? 
What is the central role economic growth can play in human development?  What can depend on the existing level of inequality? 
How often does the Doctor travel alone?  What are the companions of the Doctor? 
What is the name of the first TV show that the Doctor has a granddaughter?  Who does An Unearthly Child show the Doctor's granddaughter, Susan Foreman, have when he really wants to remember his family because of being so ancient? 
Who is the main character of the series?  Who was the first woman to travel with a married couple? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years?  What was Dudley Simpson's first Doctor Who score? 
Who played the Doctor in the Seven Keys to Doomsday?  When was the Curse of the Daleks released? 
Who designed the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus?  What is the name of the building that was modeled after Oxford's Magdalen Tower? 
When did the Gothic style on campus begin to give way to modern styles?  Who was contracted to develop a second master plan in 1955  What was the name of the building designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe for the School of Social Service Administration? 
How many public charter schools are on the South Side of Chicago?  What is the name of the largest university press in the US? 
Who is the third richest man in America?  Who is Oracle Corporation founder and author of the first management accounting textbook? 
Who is Milton Friedman a major advisor to?  Who is the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences? 
When did Kublai's second invasion of Japan fail?  Who was the Trần dynasty which ruled Annam (Dai Viet)?  When was the Battle of Bạch Đằng fought? 
Who was Ayurbarwada's son and successor?  How long did Emperor Gegeen Khan rule? 
What type of bureaucracy was created by Kublai Khan?  What was the name of the central government institution that was responsible for civil affairs? 
Who founded the Office of Western Medicine in 1263?  What was the name of the Nestorian physician founded by Jesus the Interpreter during the reign of Kublai? 
Who wrote that the usage of the term social classes was misleading?  What was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth? 
What does CPI stand for?  Where does Kenya rank on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index? 
When did Kibaki and Odinga sign an agreement on the formation of a coalition government?  Who would appoint cabinet ministers under the agreement? 
When did the International Criminal Court trial date for both President Kenyatta and Deputy President William Ruto occur?  Who was the first American president to visit Kenya while in office? 
What percentage of girls in the coastal areas of Malindi, Mombasa, Kilifi, and Diani were subject to prostitution in 2006?  How many child protection officers were employed by the Ministry of Gender and Child Affairs in 2009? 
Cricket, rallying, football, rugby union and boxing are examples of what type of sports?  What is the country known for dominance in middle-distance and long-distance athletics? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015?  When was Hoesung Lee elected as Chair of IPCC before the election of the new IPCC Bureau? 
What is the executive summary of the WG I Summary for Policymakers report?  What has been responsible for over half the enhanced greenhouse effect? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers?  What has the IPCC since acknowledged that the date is incorrect? 
What did the third assessment report feature?  What was the name of the graph that was featured in the 1999 paper by Michael E. Mann, Raymond S. Bradley and Malcom K. Hughes? 
What does the IPCC process on climate change and its efficiency and success compare with dealings with other environmental challenges?  What is the Ozone case used to assess? 
How long ago did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell?  What does the outer and inner membranes of the chloroplasts correspond to? 
What are chloroplasts traced back to?  What is another name for primary plastids? 
What is the abbreviation for chloroplasts?  When was the ctDNA first proved? 
What gene transfer is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages?  What does endosymbiotic gene transfer provide evidence for? 
What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasts are descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria?  What is the product of the host's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround ancestral cyanobacterium? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself called?  What establishes the central role of primes in number theory? 
What is the property of being prime called?  What is a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number n known as? 
What concerns aspects of the distribution of primes?  What is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes and pairs of consecutive primes with difference 2 (twin prime conjecture)? 
What is the smallest subfield of a field F containing 0 and 1?  What indicates minimality or indecomposability in an appropriate sense? 
What is the infinite prime also referred to as?  What does roughly filling the gaps with respect to the absolute value yield? 
Where does the Middle Rhine flow between Bingen and Bonn?  What was the formation created by erosion equal to the uplift in the region  How many castles and fortresses are from the Middle Ages? 
What is the most important natural region of the Netherlands?  Where does the Rhine-Meuse delta begin? 
When did the last glacial run?  How many very cold phases were there in northwest Europe? 
How long ago did Europe begin to warm up?  What glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring? 
When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles?  When did the German army re-occupy it? 
What would be set up in Edinburgh under the terms of the Scotland Act 1978?  What percentage of the Scottish electorate voted for an elected assembly in a referendum to be held on 1 March 1979? 
What is the main role of committees in the Scottish Parliament?  When do committee meetings take place? 
What type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the Scottish Parliament by an outside party or promoter?  What is a large-scale development project that require the use of land or property? 
What are subjects that are outside of the legislative competence of the Scotland Parliament?  Where do ministerial functions usually lie with UK Government ministers? 
What act introduced qualifications to become an MSP?  What age must members of the police and the armed forces be under? 
What is a controversial concept of Islamism?  What does Fred Halliday, John Esposito, and Javed Ahmad Ghamidi believe Islam is? 
What is the Muslim Brotherhood well known for providing?  What is a notable Muslim movement that provides shelters, educational assistance, legal assistance and sports facilities? 
In what year did Iqbal become a member of the London branch of the All India Muslim League?  Where did he come from in 1908? 
When did Hassan al-Turabi join the National Islamic Front?  Who invited members to serve in his government in 1979? 
What was the Islamic State formerly known as?  What group is based in Iraq and Syria, which is the mainly composed of Sunni Arabs? 
What was the Royal Geographical Society of London able to fund?  Who believed expansion was necessary for a state's survival while Mackinder supported Britain's imperial expansion? 
Who theorized Orientalism?  What did Edward Said refer to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What is cultural imperialism?  What happens when a country's influence is felt in social and cultural circles, i.e. it changes the moral, cultural and societal worldview of another? 
When was J. A. Hobson born?  When did Thorstein Veblen die? 
When did France take control of Algeria?  Where did France concentrate most of its worldwide empire after 1850  What did the new empire supply to the motherland? 
When did the United Methodist Church begin?  Where did a small group of students meet at Oxford University? 
What is the Taskforce of United Methodists on Abortion and Sexuality called?  When was the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice held? 
Who warned against the dangers of drinking in his sermon, "The Use of Money"?  What did John Wesley warn against in his letter to an alcoholic?  In 2011 and 2012, who called on all United Methodists to abstain from alcohol for Lent? 
What does the United Methodist Church oppose conscription as incompatible with?  Who refuses to serve in the armed forces or cooperate with systems of military conscription? 
Who was the first Methodist clergy ordained by?  Who isolated the Methodists in the US from the Church of England and its sacraments? 
What is the entire international conflict known as in Europe?  When was the official declaration of war in Europe announced? 
What was the population of the French in the eastern coast of the continent?  Where was Nova Scotia located in the north, Georgia, and Newfoundland  What did the Hudson's Bay Company trade with local tribes? 
How many men did Dinwiddie send to that point?  Who sent additional French forces to relieve Saint-Pierre during the same period? 
Who ordered Washington to lead a larger force to assist Trent in his work?  What was the name of the battle that surprised the Canadians on May 28? 
Who replaced Lord Loudoun in January 1756?  Who was the second in command of Lord Loudon in 1756  When did England declare war on France? 
What did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere contained four elements that come to rest at different natural places?  Aristotle's theory based on the everyday experience of how objects move, which had trouble accounting for the behavior of projectiles? 
Who unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the Earth?  Who demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through one consistent theory of electromagnetism? 
What has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity?  In GR, gravitation is not viewed as what? 
What describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field?  The connection between electricity and magnetism allows for description of what? 
What is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated?  What accounts for forces that cause all strains? 