How many points did the Panthers defense give up? How many Pro Bowl selections did the Carolina Panthers have? Who led the team in sacks with 11? What was the NFL's career sack leader with 136?
How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game against the Steelers? What team won the Super Bowl XLIX? Who won the AFC Championship Game against the New England Patriots? How many seconds were left on the clock after New England's 2-point conversion attempt?
Who was the first quarterback to lead two different teams to multiple Super Bowls? What is the oldest quarterback ever to play in a Super Bowl? Who held the previous record? When did Elway lead the Broncos to victory in Super Bowl XXXIII?
Who performed the national anthem? Who provided the American Sign Language translation?
Who stripped the ball away from Newton? How many plays did Denver's offense get out of the end zone? Who did Anderson score on a 2-yard touchdown run? What was the lead of Denver with 3:08 left?
What was the name of Warsaw's first literary cabaret? What was Leon Schiller's musical theatre called? When was the Wojciech Bogusawski Theatre built? In what building was the Upati Institute of Dramatic Arts located?
What year did Polonia Warsaw win the Ekstraklasa Championship? Where is Polonia's home venue? Why was Polonia relegated from the top flight in 2013? What league is Polonia in?
How many people lived in Warsaw in 1901? What percentage of the population of Warsaw were Catholics? How many Protestants lived in the town in 1909? In what year did the Warsaw Uprising take place?
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland? A commune is also a what? What is a powiat's task? Which district has its own evidence?
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established? When was the Warsaw Stock Exchange re-established? What is the largest market in the region? How many companies are listed on the WSE?
When did Vikings begin arriving in Normandy? What were the names of the two colonies in the east? Where were the Vikings divided in the west? How was the population of the pagii separated? Who raided the Atlantic coast?
Who were the two most prominent Norman families to arrive in the Mediterranean? What was the first Norman toehold in the south? Who was the elected leader of the Hauteville family? When did Henry III legally ennoble Drogo as "dux and magister Italiae comesque Normannorum totius Apuliae and Calabriae"?
Who encouraged Norman mercenaries to come to the south? When did the Normans begin to enter Italy? Where did Normans fight against the Pechenegs, Bulgars, and Seljuk Turks? How many Normans were in Greek service?
What did some Normans join to aid in the destruction of the Armenian vassal-states of Sassoun and Taron in far eastern Anatolia? Who led a force of Franks into the upper Euphrates valley in northern Syria? What did Afranji mean? Where were Amalfi and Bari under Norman rule in Italy?
Who led the expedition that conquered the Canarian islands of Lanzarote, Fuerteventura and El Hierro off the Atlantic coast of Africa? Where were the troops of the expedition gathered?
What was Tesla's nickname? When did Tesla die? What year did the General Conference on Weights and Measures name the SI unit of magnetic flux density the tesla?
When did Tesla partner with Robert Lane and Benjamin Vail? What was the name of Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing? Who were the first patents issued to Tesla in the US?
In what year was Tesla granted patents for a "system of transmitting electrical energy" and "an electrical transmitter"? Who made the first transatlantic radio transmission in 1901? How many patents did Marconi claim he had? What year did the Supreme Court of the United States restore the prior patents of Tesla, Oliver Lodge and John Stone?
How many possible bids did Edison receive in 1915? In what year did Tesla receive one of the 38 bids? Who won the prize in the years after the rumors?
In what year was Tesla's article "A Machine to End War" published?
What is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty? A computational problem is understood as a task that is in principle amenable to being solved by what? What is equivalent to saying that the problem may be solved by mechanical application of mathematical steps?
What is a problem instance a string over? What is the alphabet usually taken to be? The strings are what?
What can function problems be recast as? What can the multiplication of two integers be expressed as the set of?
What is used for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space? What is the total number of state transitions, or steps, the machine makes before it halts and outputs the answer ("yes" or "no")? A Turing machine M is said to operate within what?
How many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal? What is it possible that P = PSPACE? If P is not equal to NP, what is the other way around?
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout much of the world? Most Western countries and some others have now banned what? What did the US Supreme Court decide in 1977 that paddling did not violate?
How old are teachers in Wales? When did attacks on teachers in Welsh schools reach an all-time high?
How long does a license to teach in public schools last in the US? How long can a certificate of teaching last in a public school? What does the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimate there are in the U.S.?
What is a spiritual teacher known as in Hinduism? What is the emphasis on spiritual mentorship?
What are the teachers of Dharma in Tibet most commonly called? What is a Lama who has determined to be reborn?
When did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy? Where did students throng to hear Luther speak? What did Luther publish a short commentary on? When were three of his best-known works published?
In what year did Luther write The Judgement of Martin Luther on Monastic Vows? What did Luther condemn as idolatry in On the Abrogation of the Private Mass? In what essay did Luther reject compulsory confession?
When was the Luther Bible published? What did Luther's version of the Bible make a significant contribution to? Who made woodcuts of the Luther bible that contained anti-papal imagery? The Luther Bible influenced what other translations?
Who wrote the hymn "Ein neues Lied wir heben an"? Who composed the tune "Ibstone" in 1875? What two people were executed by the Roman Catholic Church for Lutheran views?
What was the name of Luther's last statement? What language did Luther use to write his last statement on paper? In what language was the last statement Luther made?
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the US? What are the dominant areas of southern California? Which international metropolitan region is created by the urban area spilling over into Baja California?
How many metropolitan areas are in Southern California? How many people live in the Greater Los Angeles Area? What is the population of the San Diego-Tijuana metropolitan area? The Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, and Bakersfield metro areas are located north of what region?
What is the second-busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume? Which airport is the world's busiest single runway airport? Where are major commercial airports located?
Los Angeles Rams, San Diego Chargers are two examples of what? Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Clippers are examples of how many professional sports teams are there?
How many Major League Soccer teams were in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2014? Where did the LA Galaxy and Chivas USA play? What was the name of the Los Angeles MLS team that was suspended after the 2014 MLS season? When was a second major league soccer team scheduled to return to Los Angeles?
BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts are in what format? Sky Movies and Sky Box Office channels include what kind of soundtrack? What format is used for most of the HD material? Interactive services and 7-day EPG use what proprietary system?
When was Sky Digital launched? Where was the Astra 2A satellite located? What was the analogue service broadcast from when Sky was launched in 1998? How many channels could Sky carry?
On what date did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels? What was the name of the service that Setanta Sports announced it would launch on the digital terrestrial platform in March 2007? On what day did NTL's services re-brand as Virgin Media? Why did industry sources believe BSyB will be forced to shelve plans to withdraw its channels from Freeview and replace them with subscription channels due to possible lost advertising revenue?
What newspaper reported in 2012 that the UK government was checking claimants' Sky TV bills? What did the Daily Mail claim would betray a man's presence in the household? Which Conservative MP proposed the payments of benefits and tax credits on a "Welfare Cash Card" in the style of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program?
What is the fixed annual carriage fee for BSkyB and Virgin Media? What are both channel suppliers able to secure if their channels meet certain performance-related targets?
What are Victoria's main political parties? Where is Labor strongest? What is the main support of the Liberals in Melbourne's eastern suburbs? When did the Greens win their first lower house seats?
When was Victoria's written constitution enacted? What was the Victoria Constitution Act 1855 based on? Who is the state's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility? How can the Victorian Constitution be amended?
In what year did Holden announce it would close its plant in Victoria? In what month and year did Ford announce its decision to close its Melbourne plant? Which two of Ford's Melbourne plants will close in 2016?
What was once part of a state-owned system? What are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines that were built in mountainous areas?
When was the colony of New South Wales founded? What was the western half of Australia divided into? Where was the administration of the colonial government located? When was Victoria established? Who was the Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria?
In what decade were the political and military privileges of the Huguenots abolished? What did Louis XIV increase persecution of them until? In what year was the Edict of Fontainebleau issued? How many people were killed or submitted by the early 18th century?
When did the French Huguenots migrate from England to Virginia? Where did the English Crown promise them land grants? What was the name of the abandoned Monacan village? When did Virginia General Assembly pass an act to naturalise the 148 Hugues still living at Manakintown?
Who was a student of Jacques Lefevre? What did John Calvin convert to? Who suppressed the Protestant Reformation? When did the French Confession of 1559 show a Calvinistic influence?
What did the Huguenots marry outside of their immediate French communities? What did many families continue to use for their children well into the nineteenth century? Who established the Eleutherian gunpowder mills?
Who invited the Huguenots to settle in his realms? Who was the hero of the First World War Battle of Tannenberg? What famous Luftwaffe flying ace is a descendant of a Huguet family?
What is another name for a closed space? What is an example of a heat source used in a model steam engine?
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines? When were early versions of the steam engine indicator in use? Who developed the most successful indicator for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer Charles Porter? What does the engine indicator trace on paper throughout the cycle?
What usually limits the efficiency of a Rankine cycle? What is the creep limit of stainless steel in steam turbines? How much efficiency does a modern coal-fired power station have?
What type of engine is no longer in widespread commercial use? What company in Sweden has made progress in harnessing the power of steam? How much steam does Energiprojekt's steam engine consume per kWh?
What are rotors? What are stators? How are turbines arranged? Where do turbines exhaust?
Who discovered oxygen? When was oxygen discovered? Where was Joseph Priestley located? What was the name of Antoine Lavoisier's work that discredited the popular phlogiston theory?
What Scottish chemist was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study in 1891? Who developed the first commercially viable process for producing liquid oxygen in 1895? What was demonstrated for the first time in 1901 by burning a mixture of acetylene and compressed O 2?
What do paleoclimatologists measure in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms? What does the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in seawater molecules determine? When does the disparity between water molecules that contain the lighter isotope oxygen-16 evaporate at a slightly faster rate than water molecules containing the 12% heavier oxygen-18 increase?
How many spectrophotometric absorption bands does oxygen present? What are the wavelengths 687 and 760 nm? Why is the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies difficult?
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O 2 around the patient and the medical staff? Carbon monoxide poisoning, gas gangrene, and decompression sickness are sometimes treated using what? Oxygen gas is poisonous to the anaerobic bacteria that cause what type of bacteria? What happens in divers who decompress too quickly after a dive?
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel? What did the renewed hostilities in the Arab-Israeli conflict release? Who was the world's second-largest oil exporter?
What did the embargo have a negative effect on? What changed competitive positions in many industries? How long did it take for oil companies to find new ways to increase supplies?
Who was the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office? What was the purpose of the federal energy office? How much domestic oil did each state consume in 1974? In 1974, what percentage of American gasoline stations had no fuel?
What led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels? What has been criticized about American energy policies since the crisis? Instead of providing stable rules that support basic research, what have congresses and presidents repeatedly backed?
What were the first Japanese compact cars known as? What was the name of the Toyota Cressida? When did Honda, Toyota, and Nissan open US assembly plants? Which luxury divisions were established to differentiate themselves from mass-market brands?
When did Seamans establish an ad-hoc committee to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the Apollo program? What did the committee recommend in favor of a hybrid EOR-LOR mode? Who was the newly hired deputy director of the Office of Manned Space Flight?
What was the name of the first Block II CSM and LM? What were the two positions of the Block II crew called? Which type of helmet was replaced with a clear "fishbowl" type?
Who decided to name their flight Apollo 1? Where did Grissom, White, and Chaffee train and conduct tests of their spacecraft? When was a plugs-out test planned?
When did the plugs-out test begin? What did the crew notice in their spacesuits? When did an electrical fire begin in the cabin? How high did the pressure rise from the fire?
What was the budget for the restoration of the Apollo 11 data? Who compiled the surviving data from Apollo 11? What did Lowry Digital do to remove random noise and camera shake?
In what year did the Treaty of Rome become the European Union's first treaty? What year was the Maastricht Treaty established? In what decade were minor amendments made to the Treaties of Rome and Amsterdam? When did the UK, Ireland, Denmark, and Norway join the EU?
Who has a monopoly on initiating legislation? Who has the power of amendment and veto during the legislative process? What is the EU meant to be founded on? How often do Parliament elections take place?
When did Costa refuse to pay his electricity bill to Enel? When was the nationalisation law in force? What did the Italian Constitutional Court say was the only way the Treaty of Rome prevented?
In what year was the European Convention on Human Rights established? What did the European Court of Human Rights recognize as a general principle of European Union law? The European Council set up a body tasked with drafting a European Charter of what? Who produced the Declaration on Fundamental Rights in 1989?
When was the UK Labour Party elected to government? What was the name of the agreement that allowed the UK to be included with minor amendments as the Social Chapter of the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam? The 1994 Works Council Directive required workforce consultation in businesses and the 1996 Parental Leave Directive? How long has the European Union undertaken policy initiatives in various social policy areas?
What is the name of the moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America? How many square miles are covered by the Amazon rainforest? What percentage of the rainforest is in Brazil? Which country has the most rainforest in the world?
What was the total area of forest lost in the Amazon between 1991 and 2000? How much of the lost forest became pasture for cattle? What percentage of the land deforested since 1970 is used for livestock pasture? Which country is the second largest global producer of soybeans?
What has been used to justify many of the controversial transportation projects that are currently developing in the Amazon? The first two highways successfully opened up the rainforest and led to what? What was the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005?
What are environmentalists concerned about? What could accelerate global warming? How much of the world's terrestrial primary productivity are Amazonian evergreen forests responsible for?
In what year did the Amazon experience another severe drought? How many square miles of rainforest was affected in 2010? In 2005, what was the focus of the drought in the southwestern part of the Amazon? What does the Amazon absorb in a typical year?
How many species of ctenophores have been validated? What are colloblasts? How do coastal beroids prey on other species?
How long ago were ctenophores found in lagerstätten? What are cnidarians and bilaterians closely related to? When did the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event occur? Evidence accumulating since the 1980s indicates that the "cydippids" are not what?
What are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion? How many strips do most species have that run the length of their bodies? What is the Greek suffix - meaning?
How many ctenophores were known as fossils until the mid-1990s? When were the Burgess Shale and other Canadian rocks of similar age found? What did one fossil species first report having a large mouth? Evidence from what country suggests that a comb jelly could be found in the Ediacaran Eoandromeda?
What is very important to our understanding of the early evolution of animals and the origin of multicellularity? What has been the focus of debate for many years? Ctenophores have been purported to be the sister lineage to what?
What is another name for the "West Side" of Fresno? What freeway divides the West Side from Downtown Fresnos? Which freeway is west of the west side of the neighborhood? The neighborhood is considered to be the center of what community?
What is the neighborhood named after? What was M. Theo Kearney's name? How many miles does Keartney Boulevard stretch from Fresno Street to Kerman, California? Who gave the neighborhood the name Brookhaven in an effort to revitalize?
How many households had children under the age of 18 living in them? What percentage of households had opposite-sex married couples living together?
What is the name of the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley? Which freeway heads east to the city of Clovis and Huntington Lake? What freeway comes into Fresno from Atascadero?
What is the largest US city not directly linked to an Interstate highway? When was the Interstate Highway System created? What was built on the west side of the Central Valley instead of upgrading what is now State Route 99?
In connectionless mode, each packet includes complete addressing information. What is labeled with a destination address, source address, and port numbers? What needs to be looked up in power-hungry content-addressable memory? A virtual connection is also known as what?
When did ARPANET and SITAHLN become operational? How many different network technologies had been developed before the introduction of X.25? What is an example of a datagram protocol? In the virtual call system, what guarantees sequenced delivery of data to the host?
What is the name of the network protocol suite created by Digital Equipment Corporation? When was DECnet originally released? What was the purpose of DECNET? In what decade did DEC become a networking powerhouse?
In what year was Merit Network, Inc. formed? What was the purpose of the Michigan Educational Research Information Triad? When was the first demonstration of the packet-switched network? Where was the CDC mainframe located?
What is Internet2? What was the name of the first Internet2 Network? In what year was Abilene built? Who was a prime investor in the National Lambda Rail project?
What was the most authoritative account of the Middle Ages? What did the medical faculty in Paris blame the heavens for? In what year was the report to the king of France made? Which theory is the most widely accepted today?
How many previously unknown but related clades of the Y. pestis genome were associated with medieval mass graves? What did the study find to be ancestral to modern isolates of? Where did the first variant of the plague enter Europe? How many epidemics did the plague spread through England in 1349?
What did Twigg think was the cause of the Y. pestis pandemic? What did Norman Cantor think was a combination of? Which archaeologist argued that there is insufficient evidence of extinction of a large number of rats in the archaeological record of the medieval waterfront in London? In 2014, scientists with Public Health England announced the results of an examination of how many bodies exhumed from Clerkenwell?
How many people died of the plague in Paris in 1466? What percentage of the time was the plague present in Paris? How many times did the Black Death ravage Europe in the 16th and 17th centuries? The plague ravaged London in what years? When did the Great Plague of Vienna occur?
What ravaged much of the Islamic world? How often was the Black Death present in the Islamic World? Where did the plague repeatedly strike the cities of North Africa? When did Algiers lose 30 to 50 thousand inhabitants to it?
How many timelines show the geologic time scale? The first timeline shows the entire time from the formation of the Earth to the present. The second scale shows the most recent eon with an expanded scale. What is too small to be shown clearly on the third timeline on the right?
The principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of what? The existence of organisms at the same time period throughout the world can be used to provide what information? Who laid out the principles of succession? How long before the publication of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution did Smith lay out his principles?
Where do stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field? What can geophysical data and well logs combine to produce a better view of the subsurface? Who can use these data to reconstruct ancient processes occurring on the surface of the Earth?
Who was one of the earliest Persian geologists? When was Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni born? What did Ibn Sina think the Indian subcontinent was once? Who formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation?
Who is often regarded as the first modern geologist? When did James Hutton present a paper entitled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? What did Hutton explain in his paper?
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle? Who founded Pons Aelius in the 2nd century AD? What is the name of the Roman fort and bridge across the River Tyne? How long was Hadrian's Wall? Why was the Vallum constructed?
What market replaced the Butcher Market? When was the Grainger Market opened? What was the name of the first indoor market in Newcastle? How many people attended the grand opening of the market in 1835? In what year was the timber roof destroyed?
What is Lindisfarne's most famous song? Who covered "Fog on the Tyne"? When did Venom form? What was the name of the first folk metal band formed in Newcastle?
How many phases was the Tyne and Wear Metro system opened in? What was Britain's first urban light rail transit system? Who opened the bridge between Newcastle and Gateshead in 1981? How many passengers does the network carry each year? Which company designed and constructed the mobile radio system to the underground Metro system?
In what year was the School of Medicine and Surgery established in Newcastle? When did Newcastle University become independent from Durham University? What award did Northumbria University win in 2000? How many universities does Newcastle have? Which university was voted Best New University by The Times Good University Guide?
Who was the first director of the V&A? When did the Museum of Manufactures first open? What was the museum renamed in 1854? Who rejected the design for the museum in 1855?
How many works of art are in the Far Eastern collections? When did the T.T. Tsui Gallery of Chinese art open? How many objects from China do the V&As display? What is one of the oldest examples of Chinese manufacturing? Where are two large ancestor portraits of a husband and wife painted?
How many outfits are in the V&A's costume collection? What department typically holds costume sketches, design notebooks, and other works on paper? When was the Talbot Hughes collection received? How many costumes and items were given as a gift from Harrods in 1913?
When did the Musical Instruments gallery close? How many names were on the Parliamentary website? Who asked about the future of the collection? What did Bryan Davies say the museum intended to preserve and care for?
How many paintings did John Sheepshanks donate to the museum in 1857? Who donated the most significant of Constable's works in 1888? What is the name of the painting Constable donated in 1821 for the museum?
What was the name of ABC's web-based promotional campaign in 2000? What comic book character prompted visitors to "download the dot"? Who did ABC hire to design and produce its 2001-02 identity?
What year did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity? Who designed the ABC Circle logo? What was the new four-note theme tune based around?
Who was appointed to be ABC's president in 1950? When did Robert Kintner die? What did Goldenson propose in 1954? How much money would DuMont receive as part of the merger?
When did ABC complete its transition to color? What did ABC use to better determine what types of sponsors to sell advertising slots to?
When did ABC dominate the American television landscape? How many major networks represented 90% of all prime-time television viewership in the U.S. by 1980? When did Dynasty premiere as a midseason series? What was the name of the cable channel ABC launched in 1981?
When did Temüjin marry Börte of the Onggirat tribe? Who kidnapped his wife? What tribe did Temujin's father belong to? When did Börtel give birth to a son?
Who was elected khan of the Mongols in 1186? How many troops were in Temüjin's army in 1187? Where was Toghrul exiled?
When did Chinese Nationalists take the mausoleum from its position at the Lord's Enclosure in Mongolia? How far did Chinese nationalist soldiers take the monasoleum? Where did the monks take it from their position in 1939? When was a marble statue of Genghis Khan completed?
When did Genghis Khan die? Where did the Mongol Empire extend from at the time of his death? What was the name of Khan's successor? Who won the war that lasted until 1279?
What did the invasions of Baghdad, Samarkand, Urgench, Kiev, Vladimir cause? Who was the descendant of Hulagu Khan? How many people were killed by the Mongols in Merv? In what year did Batu Khan launch an invasion into Kievan Rus?
Who supervises a pharmacy technician in the UK? What is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals? Who is responsible for regulating the practice of pharmacists?
When did Muhammad ibn Zakarya Rzi die? When did Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi pass away? Who was the first physician to initiate pharmacopoedia? How many preparations did Sabur Ibn Sahl describe?
In most countries, what is the dispensary subject to? What is the trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians? Pharmacy technicians are now more dependent on what to assist them?
What type of pharmacy focuses more on medication regimen review than on actual dispensing of drugs? Where do consultant pharmacists most typically work? What are some large pharmacy management companies?
Where are pharmacists regulated separately from physicians? What does the AMA Code of Ethics provide? How many American physicians reportedly dispense drugs on their own?
What can cause autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and cancer? What happens when the immune system is less active than normal? In humans, what can immunodeficiency be the result of?
What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs? What are some undesirable side effects of glucocorticoids? Which drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine? Cytotoxic drugs inhibit the immune response by killing what cells?
What are cytotoxic natural killer cells called? What do CTLs stand for? When do anti-inflammatory molecules peak? How many theories exist as to why the pro-inflammatory state is reserved for sleep?
Where did evolution of the adaptive immune system occur? What type of vertebrates have a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule? How many genes are VLRs produced from?
What is the simplest way to evade the adaptive immune system? What is it called to rapidly change non-essential epitopes on the surface of a pathogen? The proteins on HIV's viral envelope that are essential for entry into its host target cell are constantly changing, which may explain the failures of vaccines directed at HIV? Which parasite uses a similar strategy, constantly switching one type of surface protein for another?
Who wrote The Mask of Anarchy? What was the name of the political poem written after the Peterloo massacre? Who wrote Civil Disobedience? Gandhi's Satyagraha was partially inspired by what?
What is non-revolutionary civil disobedience? What is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government? Gandhi's acts have been described as what? Who did the Hungarians under Ferenc Deák directed against?
What are some forms of civil disobedience? What is a form of coercion that makes it harder for a system to function? Who closed the GCSB Waihopai temporarily? How did the Plowshares organization deflate one of the satellite dishes?
What do some civil disobedients believe it is incumbent upon them to accept? What is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established?
What did the prosecution offer civil disobedients in the Camden 28 case? What type of tactics do activists use to secure the same plea deal for everyone? Who pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count?
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure? Manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without what? Construction typically takes place on location for a known client. Construction as an industry comprises what percentage of the gross domestic product of developed countries?
What is Engineering News-Record? How many market segments did ENR compile in 2014? What were the nine market segments in 2014 divided into?
What classification system does the Standard Industrial Classification and the North American Industry Classification System have? How many subsectors are there in the construction industry? What are construction managers?
What is the modern trend in design? In the past, what were architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors more likely to be?
What must a project adhere to? What does not benefit the owner of a building that fails to adhere to zoning and building code requirements? The desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad come from what? An attorney may seek changes or exemptions in what law?
What are Ergänzungsschulen? Who runs the schools? What type of education is not available at public school? In addition to private individuals, private organizations, and rarely, religious groups, what is the other type of school run?
What are private schools called in India? What is considered an unaided independent school in a strict sense? How many examination boards are present in multiple states?
In what century were some of the oldest schools in South Africa established? What was established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century? After the abolition of apartheid, the laws governing private education changed significantly? The South African Schools Act of 1996 recognises what two categories of schools?
What was the legal form of "Model C" abolished after the transition to democracy? What are former "model C" schools not private schools? All schools in South Africa have the right to set what?
In what year was Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka decided? What type of academies were organized in many parts of the US? In what part of the United States did many white students migrate to the Christian academy? Since the 1970's, many of the "segregation academy" have shut down?
How many academic units does Harvard have? How large is Harvard's main campus? Where is Harvard Yard located? What is the largest financial endowment of any academic institution?
How large is Harvard Stadium? What is the name of the pedestrian bridge that connects Harvard and Cambridge? How far from downtown Boston is the Harvard Medical School?
What was the name of the symbolic "shantytown" on Harvard Yard in the late 1980s? Who was the South African Vice Consul? What company refused to divest from South Africa? How much did Harvard Management Company reduce its South African holdings in response to the pressure?
What is Harvard's undergrad admission characterized by the Carnegie Foundation? How much of the class of 2019 did Harvard College accept? What is the second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities? When was the early admissions program discontinued?
Who is the U.N. Secretary General? Who are the American political leaders? What is the name of the Chilean President?
What is the largest city in Florida? What county is Jacksonville the county seat of? When did Jacksonville's government merge with Duval County? How many people lived in Jacksonville in 2014?
Where is Jacksonville located? How far is Jacksonville from the Georgia state line? What is the name of the French colony in Jacksonville? When was Fort Caroline established? Who was the first military governor of Florida?
Who charted the St. Johns River in 1562? What did Jean Ribault call the River of May? Who erected a stone column near present-day Jacksonville? In what year did René Goulaine de Laudonnière establish the first European settlement?
What caused Jacksonville residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs? Who was the mayor of Jacksonville after World War II? What was Jacksonville's most populous ethnic group in 1970?
How many times has Jacksonville been hit by a hurricane? When did Hurricane Dora hit Jacksonville? How many days did Hurricane Fay bring parts of Jacksonville under darkness? What year did Tropical Storm Bonnie cause damage to Jacksonville Beach?
Economist Joseph Stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting what? Who wrote in 2001 that the view that income inequality harms growth has become more widely held in recent years? When physical capital mattered most, what was key?
In what year did Galor and Zeira show that credit market imperfections have a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development? Who conducted a study in 1996 to examine the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth? What is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation?
What hypothesis states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases? Economist Thomas Piketty claims that from 1914 to 1945 wars and violent economic and political shocks reduced inequality? What hypothesis emphasizes the balancing of economic growth in the long run?
In what decade were some theories about inequality developed? What did savings by the wealthy offset if they increased with inequality? A 2013 report on Nigeria suggests that growth has risen with increased income inequality. What was wrong with some theories from the 1950s to 2011?
What does the growth elasticity of poverty depend on? How long would it take a country with high inequality to reduce poverty? Who is the Secretary General of the United Nations?
Who is the Doctor's companion? What does the Doctor have the ability to do when his body is damaged? Who are the Daleks and Cybermen?
Who is the granddaughter of the Doctor? Who doubts the Doctor can remember his family because of being so ancient? When did the Doctor think he was the last surviving Time Lord? What was the title of Doctor Who's first serial?
Who is the main character of Doctor Who? Who was the primary companion of the Ninth and Tenth Doctors? What was the first Doctor to travel with a married couple?
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years of Doctor Who? What was Dudley Simpson's first Doctor Who score? In what year was Planet of Giants released? When did The Horns of Nimon end?
Who played the role of Doctor Who in the Seven Keys to Doomsday? What was the name of the play that featured Jon Pertwee and Colin Baker? Who was better known for playing Cybermen?
What are the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus now known as? Who conceived the "master plan"? How many quadrangles are in the Main Quadrangles? What style of architecture did Cobb, Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge, Holabird & Roche use?
When did the Gothic style on campus begin to give way to modern styles? Who was contracted to develop a second master plan? What is the largest building on campus? In what year was the Gerald Ratner Athletics Center completed?
What is the name of the private day school for K-12 students and day care? How many public charter schools does the University of Chicago operate on the South Side of Chicago? What does the Council on Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences and Humanities do?
Who was the third richest man in America? What was the first management accounting textbook written by James O. McKinsey? Who founded Morningstar, Inc.?
Who was the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences? Who was a major advisor to Ronald Reagan? What was George Stigler a proponent of?
When did Kublai's second invasion of Japan fail? What was the name of the dynasty that defeated the Mongols at the Battle of Bch ng? Where did the Chinese Tran (Chen) clan originate?
Who was Ayurbarwada's son and successor? How many years did Emperor Gegeen Khan rule? Who was the grand chancellor of the Yuan dynasty? What was the Da Yuan Tong Zhi?
Who created the Yuan bureaucracy? Who gave strong influence to Kublai's early court? What was the top institution responsible for most other governmental agencies?
Who practiced Western medicine in China? Who founded the Office of Western Medicine in 1263? What philosophy did Chinese physicians oppose? Which Avicenna work did the Chinese have access to?
Who wrote that the use of the term "social classes" for the four-class system was misleading? What did Frederick W. Mote write that the position of people within the four class system was not an indication of?
What is the name of the metric that attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries? In 2012, Kenya placed 139th out of 176 countries in the CPI with a score of what? What has the Kenyan government established in regards to curbing corruption?
When did Kibaki and Odinga sign an agreement on the formation of a coalition government? Who would become Kenya's second Prime Minister? How many deputy prime ministers did the agreement stipulate?
When did the International Criminal Court trial for President Kenyatta and Deputy President William Ruto occur? When did President Barack Obama choose not to visit Kenya? What country did President Xi Jinping visit after a stop in Russia? Who was the first American president to visit the country while in office?
How many child protection officers were employed by the Ministry of Gender and Child Affairs in 2009? What is the main cause of child labour in Kenya? Where are most working children in Kenya active? How many girls in the coastal areas of Kenya were subject to prostitution in 2006?
What are Kenya's main sports? What is the most popular distance running event in Kenya? How many times has Kenya won the women's Boston Marathon? Who is the world record holder for the 800m?
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015? Who was the vice-chair before Hoesung Lee? When did Rajendra K. Pachauri resign as chair?
What is the executive summary of the WG I Summary for Policymakers report? How much of the enhanced greenhouse effect is CO2 responsible for? What scenario predicts that global mean temperature will increase by about 0.3 °C per decade during the 21st century? The unequivocal detection of what is not likely for a decade or more?
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers? The IPCC has acknowledged that the date is incorrect while reaffirming that the conclusion in what? What did the IPCC express regret for?
What was the third assessment report based on? What has been referred to as the "hockey stick graph?" What was not an actual plot of data? Where was the maximum it showed for the Medieval Warm Period?
What has been compared with dealings with other environmental challenges? What was used to assess the efficiency of the IPCC process? The IPCC has built a broad science consensus while states and governments still follow what?
How long ago did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell? How did the free-viving cyanabacterium escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in? The two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of what cell wall?
What are the chloroplasts that can be traced back to a cyanobacterial ancestor known as? What is the name of the lineage that contains the land plants?
What are chloroplasts' own DNA abbreviated as? When was the existence of the plastome first proved? In what year was the first sequence of the chlorome sequenced? What types of algae are underrepresented in the sequences?
How do we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages? What do the genes it donated to the former host's nucleus provide evidence for? Diatoms (a heterokontophyte) now have what?
What are some common misconceptions about the outer and inner chloroplast membranes? What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasms are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria?
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself called? What does the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establish the central role of primes in number theory?
What is the property of being prime or not? What is a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number called? How many decimal digits is the largest known prime number?
What is a third type of conjecture concerning aspects of the distribution of primes? What is the strongest of Polignac's conjectures? For every positive integer, there are infinite many pairs of consecutive primes that differ by what?
What indicates minimality or indecomposability in an appropriate sense? What is the smallest subfield of a field F containing both 0 and 1? How can an object be essentially uniquely decomposed into its prime components?
When a number is multiplied by p, what norm gets smaller? What is also referred to as the infinite prime? completing with respect to the p-adic norm yields the field of what?
What was created by erosion? What is the Rhine Gorge known for? How many castles and fortresses are in the Romantic Rhine?
What is the most important natural region of the Netherlands? Where does the Rhine-Meuse Delta begin? What river flows into Lake Constance? Which river ends in the same delta?
When was the last glacial? When did the glacial end? What was the peak temperature of the glacier? Where did the lower Rhine flow? How high was the sea level in the North Sea?
When did northwest Europe begin to warm up? When did snow cover thaw? Where was much of the discharge routed to? By what year was Europe fully forested? What caused ocean water levels to rise?
When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? Who was forbidden to enter the demilitarised zone? When did the German army re-occupy it? What did Britain and France not want to do?
When was the Scotland Act passed? How much of the Scottish electorate voted for the Scottish Assembly in 1979? What percentage of the population did not vote in the 1979 Scottish devolution referendum?
Where does much of the work of the Scottish Parliament take place? What is the main role of committees in the Scottish parliament? Where can committees meet?
What type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the Scottish Parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of Scottish Parliament or Scottish Government? Private bills usually relate to large-scale development projects such as infrastructure projects that require the use of what?
What are subjects that are outside of the legislative competence of the Scottish Parliament? Where do ministerial functions usually lie with UK Government ministers? What are some of the topics that are reserved to Westminster?
Under what act are MSPs disqualified from sitting in the Scottish Parliament? In addition to the House of Commons, what other act requires an MSP to be a citizen of the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, or a European Union citizen resident in the UK? Under the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003, an individual may not sit in Parliament if he or she is judged to be insane?
Islamism is a controversial concept because its supporters believe their views merely reflect what? The contrary idea that Islam is, or can be, apolitical is an error, according to scholars and observers who do not believe Islam is merely a political ideology? What does Hayri Abaza argue the failure to distinguish between Islam and Islamicism leads many in the West to support?
Islamist movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood are well known for providing shelters, educational assistance, free or low cost medical clinics, housing assistance to students from out of town, student advisory groups, facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies? Incompetent, inefficient, or neglectful governments' commitment to social justice is limited to what?
When did Iqbal return to Lahore? How many English lectures were published by Oxford University Press in 1934? What was the name of the book titled The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam?
Who was the leader of the Sudanese Islamist regime? Who invited members of the National Islamic Front to serve in Sudan's government in 1979? How did Hassan al-Turabi build a powerful economic base? What was Turabi's role as minister of education?
What was the Islamic State formerly known as? What is the name of the jihadist extremist militant group? Who is the leader of The Islamic State? How many people are in Iraq and Syria as of March 2015?
What was the Royal Geographical Society of London able to fund? Who supported imperialism? What did Ratzel believe was necessary for a state's survival?
What does Orientalism refer to? What does essentializing the East create between "we" the West and "them" the East? Early European studies of the Orient placed the East as what?
What is cultural imperialism? What type of influence is felt in social and cultural circles? How does a country's influence change the moral, cultural, and societal worldview of another? Why would local elites be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of Roman culture and lifestyle?
Who pioneered the debate between capitalism, aristocracy, and imperialism? Who was at their most prolific before World War I? What did Hobson believe could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation?
When did France take control of Algeria? Where did France begin to rebuild its empire after 1850? When did Republicans become supportive of empire? What did the new empire take on as it developed?
In what century did the United Methodist Church begin? What group of students met on the Oxford University campus? Who mocked the "Holy Club"?
What is the acronym for the Taskforce of United Methodists on Abortion and Sexuality? When was the General Conference held? What was the name of the group that attempted to withdraw the United Methodist Church membership in the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice? Who is the president of the TUMAS? How did Paul T. Stallsworth believe pro-life delegates would have won?
What movement has the Methodist Church supported historically? Who warned against the dangers of drinking in his famous sermon? What did Methodist ministers have to take a pledge not to drink and encourage their congregations to do? The United Methodist Church uses unfermented grape juice in what sacrament?
The United Methodist Church opposes what type of conscription? The Church supports and extends its ministry to those who refuse to serve in the armed forces or to cooperate with what?
Who ordained the first Methodist clergy? Why were the Methodists isolated from the Church of England? What are elders and deacons in the United Methodist Church subject to?
What is the North American theater of the Seven Years' War known as in Europe? What year was the official declaration of war? When was the signing of the peace treaty signed? How long did the fighting between the two colonial powers last?
How many British settlers did the French have? What was the population of Nova Scotia? Where did the Hudson's Bay Company trade furs with local tribes?
How many men did Dinwiddie send to Fort Venango? How many French forces did Duquesne send to relieve Saint-Pierre? When did Contrecur allow Trent's company to withdraw?
Who ordered Washington to lead a larger force to assist Trent in his work? Who had promised support to the British? What was the Battle of Jumonville Glen?
In what year did Newcastle replace Lord Loudoun? Who was the second in command of Major General James Abercrombie? When did French reinforcements arrive in New France? On what date did England declare war? What was the war later known as?
Aristotle thought that motionless objects on Earth were in their natural place on the ground and that they would stay that way if left alone. What theory had conceptual trouble accounting for the behavior of projectiles? The place where the archer moves the projectile was at the start of the flight, and no discernible efficient cause acts on it?
What did Isaac Newton unify with the force responsible for the orbits of celestial mechanics? Who demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through one consistent theory of electromagnetism? In the 20th century, the development of quantum mechanics led to a modern understanding that the first three fundamental forces are manifestations of matter? The complete formulation of what model predicts an as yet unobserved Higgs mechanism is held out as a possibility?
What is the theory that best explains gravity? In GR, objects moving freely in gravitational fields travel under their own inertia in straight lines through what? From the perspective of the object, all motion occurs as if there was no gravitation whatsoever? The straight line path in space-time is seen as a curved line in space and it is called the ballistic trajectory of an object.
What describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field? The connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of what? What can be written as a sum of?
Where is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated? What are the pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross sectional area?