How many points did the Panthers defense give up?  Who was the NFL's active career sack leader with 136? 
What team defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers in the divisional round?  How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game? 
Who was the first quarterback to lead two different teams to multiple Super Bowls?  Who is the oldest quarterback ever to play in a Super Bowl at age 39? 
Who performed the national anthem?  Who provided American Sign Language translation? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive?  Who stripped the ball away from Newton? 
Where was the Summer Theatre in operation from 1870 to 1939?  What was the name of Warsaw's first literary cabaret? 
In what year did Polonia Warsaw win Ekstraklasa Championship?  What is the name of the local rivals of Poland Warsaw? 
How many people lived in Warsaw in 1901?  What percentage of the population of Warsaw were Catholics in 1901  How many Mariavites were there in 1909? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland?  What is a city also a commune but with the city charter? 
What year was Warsaw's first stock exchange established?  When was the Warsaw Stock Exchange re-established? 
What were the populations before Rollo's arrival considered?  When did earlier Viking settlers begin arriving in the 880s? 
What was the name of the first Norman family to arrive in the Mediterranean?  Who received the county of Aversa from Duke Sergius IV of Naples? 
What did the Norman mercenaries first encourage to come to the south by the Lombards to act against the Byzantines?  In what year did George Maniaces campaign? 
What did some Normans join to aid in the destruction of Sassoun and Taron?  Who led a force of Franks into the upper Euphrates valley in northern Syria? 
Who led the Norman noble Jean de Bethencourt and the Poitevine Gadifer de la Salle?  Where were the troops gathered in 1402 and 1405? 
Who was renowned for his achievements and showmanship?  What was Tesla's reputation in popular culture? 
What company did Robert Lane and Benjamin Vail partner with in 1886?  What was the name of the electric lighting company created by Tesla? 
In what year was Tesla granted patents for a system of transmitting electrical energy and an electrical transmitter?  Who made his first transatlantic radio transmission in 1901? 
When did Edison receive one of 38 possible bids?  How many bids did Tesla receive in 1915? 
What is the name of Tesla's article published in 1937?  What did Tesla say about his religious views? 
What branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty?  Computational complexity theory is a branch of what branch of computer science? 
What is a problem instance when considering computational problems?  What is the binary alphabet taken to be? 
What is tempting to think about the notion of function problems?  What can be expressed as the set of triples (a, b, c)? 
What is used for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space?  What is the total number of state transitions, or steps, the machine makes before it halts and outputs the answer? 
Why are many known complexity classes suspected to be unequal?  What is possible that P is not equal to NP? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline?  When was corporal punishment banned in the United States? 
What trade unions can teachers in Wales be registered members of?  What is the average age of Welsh teachers? 
How long does a teaching certification last?  What is the minimum length of a student's certification for public schools? 
What is a spiritual teacher known as in Hinduism?  What is the emphasis on in many traditions of Hinduism called? 
What are the teachers of Dharma in Tibet most commonly called?  What is a Lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn? 
When did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy?  What was the name of the short commentary that Luther published on Galatians and his Work on the Psalms? 
In what year did Luther widen his target from individual pieties to doctrines at the heart of Church practices?  What did Luther condemned as idolatry in his essay On the Abrogation of the Private Mass? 
When was Luther's English Bible published?  What was the name of William Tyndale's translation of the King James Bible? 
Who was the first individual to be martyred by the Roman Catholic Church for Lutheran views?  Who wrote the hymn "Ein neues Lied wir heben an"?  When was Ibstone composed? 
What was the name of Luther's last statement?  In what language was the statement "We are beggars" written? 
What is the name of the third most populated megalopolis in the US?  What is Southern California famous for for its large, spread out, suburban communities? 
What is the population of Southern California?  How many extended metropolitan areas are there? 
What is the second-busiest airport in the US by passenger volume?  Which airport is the world's busiest single runway airport? 
What is the name of the professional sports team in Southern California?  What are the names of the Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Clippers, and Anaheim Ducks? 
How many Major League Soccer teams played in Los Angeles between 2005 and 2014?  Where were the LA Galaxy and Chivas USA based? 
What are BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts in?  What standard is most of the HD material broadcast using? 
When was Sky Digital launched?  Where was the Astra 2A satellite located when Sky Digital was launched  What is the name of the new all-digital service? 
When did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels?  What was the name of NTL's services re-branded as? 
What newspaper reported in 2012 that a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother was wrongly claiming to be living alone?  What was the name of the newspaper that claimed a subscription to BSkyB was often damaging? 
What is the fixed annual carriage fee for BSkyB channels?  How much does the new agreement include for the channels that meet certain performance-related targets? 
What are Victoria's main political parties?  What is the centre-left Australian Labor Party (ALP)?  Which political party is strongest in Melbourne's western suburbs? 
When was Victoria's written constitution enacted?  What does the Victorian Constitution Act establish? 
When did Ford announce a closure year for Australia?  When was Ford's decision to close Victoria's Victorian plants? 
What gauge do Victorian lines mainly use?  How many tourist railways operate over 760 mm narrow gauge lines? 
What was Australia divided into after the founding of New South Wales?  What was the western half of Australia named after New Holland  Where was the first European settlement established? 
What caused the political and military privileges of the Huguenots to be abolished following their defeat?  Who issued the Edict of Fontainebleau (1685)?  What abolished all legal recognition of Protestantism? 
In what year did several hundred French Huguenots migrate from England to Virginia?  Where did the English Crown offer them land grants  What was the name of the abandoned Monacan village known as? 
Who was a predecessor of the Reformed church?  When did Jacques Lefevre become a professor at the University of Paris? 
What did most of the Huguenot congregations in North America eventually affiliate with?  What did the Huguenots adapt quickly and often married outside of their immediate French communities? 
Who invited Huguenots to settle in his realms?  Who was the last Prime Minister of the East German Democratic Republic? 
What is the term for burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space called?  What is another name for variously combustion chamber? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines?  When were early steam engine versions first used? 
What is a Rankine cycle usually limited by?  What is the theoretical Carnot efficiency for a modern coal-fired power station? 
What company has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam?  What is the efficiency of Energiprojekt's steam engine on high pressure engines? 
How many rotors does a steam turbine consist of?  What are stators called in the USA? 
When was oxygen discovered?  Who discovered oxygen independently? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study?  Who developed the first commercially viable process for producing liquid? 
What do paleoclimatologists measure in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms?  What is the lighter isotope that evaporates faster than water molecules containing the 12% heavier oxygen-18? 
How many spectrophotometric absorption bands does oxygen present?  What are the wavelengths of oxygen? 
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O2 around the patient and medical staff?  What is a common cause of decompression sickness in divers? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel?  What was Iran's second largest oil exporter? 
What caused immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security?  What changed competitive positions in many industries such as automobiles? 
In what year did Nixon name William E. Simon as the first administrator of the Federal Energy Office?  What was the name of the short-term organization that Nixon created to coordinate the response to the embargo? 
Why did the energy crisis lead to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels?  What has American energy policies been dominated by? 
What was the name of the first Japanese compact?  What did the Toyota Corona Mark II and the Mazda 616 add to their vehicles? 
When did Seamans establish an ad-hoc committee to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the Apollo program?  Who was the special technical assistant of Seamans in 1961? 
What would a crew fly after an unmanned LM test flight AS-206?  What was the traditional visor helmet replaced with for greater visibility? 
Who decided to name their flight Apollo 1 as motivational focus on the first manned flight?  Where did Grissom, White, and Chaffee train and conduct tests of their spacecraft in North America? 
When did the plugs-out test begin?  What caused the crew to hold in the simulated countdown? 
Who compiled the original lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11?  How much did Nafzger spend on the original Apollo 11 data? 
When were the principal treaties that form the European Union established?  What was the name of the treaty that established more complete and formal institutions? 
Who has a monopoly on initiating legislation?  Who has the powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process? 
Since its founding, what has the EU operated among?  What is the Court of Justice's view about EU law if it conflicts with a provision of national law? 
In what year was the European Convention on Human Rights established?  What did the European Court of Justice recognise as general principle of European Union law as the need to ensure that European Union measures are compatible with human rights? 
In what year did the UK subscribe to the Agreement on Social Policy?  What amendment allowed the UK to be included with minor amendments as the Social Chapter of the Treaty of Amsterdam? 
What is the name of the moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America?  How many nations belong to the region that includes the majority of the rainforest? 
What was the total area of forest lost in the Amazon between 1991 and 2000?  What percentage of land deforested since 1970 is used for livestock pasture? 
What has been used to justify many of the controversial transportation projects that are currently developing in the Amazon?  What was the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005? 
How much of the world's terrestrial primary productivity does Amazonian evergreen forests account for?  What could accelerate global warming? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought?  How many epicenters did the drought have in 2010? 
How many times their own weight can ctenophores eat in a day?  How many species have been validated? 
Where have fossils thought to represent ctenophores been found?  When did the early Cambrian period begin to appear? 
What are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion?  How many strips are there in most species of ctenophores? 
What are extremely rare as fossils?  Where have ctenophores been found? 
What is very important to our understanding of the early evolution of animals and the origin of multicellularity?  Ctenophores have been purported to be the sister lineage to what? 
What is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city?  What is the West Side of Fresno also known as? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after?  What is the name of the neighborhood called in the 20th century? 
What percentage of households had children under the age of 18 living in them?  How many families were there in the average? 
What is the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley?  Where does State Route 99 connect Clovis and Huntington Lake? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway?  When was the Interstate Highway System created? 
What type of mode includes complete addressing information?  Each packet is labeled with a destination address, source address, and port numbers.  What is a virtual connection also known as? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational?  How many different network technologies had been developed before the introduction of X.25? 
What company created DECnet?  When was DECnet originally released? 
When was the Michigan Educational Research Information Triad formed?  What organization was Merit Network, Inc. formed in 1966? 
What is Internet2?  What was the name of the first internet2 network? 
What did medical knowledge stagnate during the Middle Ages?  Who blamed the heavens in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a "great pestilence in the air"?  What is the most widely accepted theory of plague? 
How many previously unknown but related clades of the Y. pestis genome were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern Y.pestis strains?  When did the first variant of plague reach England? 
Who suggested that the cause of the Y. pestis was a form of anthrax?  What does septicemic stand for? 
How many people died of the plague in Paris in 1466?  How many times was the Black Death present in Paris during the 16th and 17th centuries  What percentage of Amsterdam's population died in 1623-25 and 1664  When was the Italian Plague of 1629-1631? 
How many locations were present in the Islamic world between 1500 and 1850?  How many inhabitants did Algiers lose to the plague in 1620-21? 
How many timelines show the geologic time scale?  The first scale shows the entire time from the formation of the earth to the present, but this compresses the most recent eon with an expanded scale.  What does the second scale show? 
What is the principle of faunal succession based on?  How long before Charles Darwin's theory of evolution did William Smith establish principles of succession? 
Where do stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field?  What can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface? 
Who is of the opinion that the origin of the science of geology can be traced to Persia after the Muslim conquests had come to an end?  Who was one of the earliest Persian geologists who hypothesized that the Indian subcontinent was once a sea? 
Who is viewed as the first modern geologist?  In what year did James Hutton publish a paper entitled Theory of the Earth? 
What was the name of the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle?  Who founded Pons Aelius in the 2nd century AD? 
When was the Butcher Market built?  What was the name of the earlier market that was built in 1808 called? 
What is the name of the folk rock group that has strong Tyneside connection?  When was the most famous song of Lindisfarne released? 
What is the name of the system that covers much of Tyne and Wear?  How many phases did the Tyne & Wear Metro open in 1980 and 1984  What was Britain's first urban light rail transit system? 
How many universities does Newcastle have?  When did Newcastle University become independent from Durham University? 
Who was the first director of the V&A museum?  When was the Museum of Manufactures first opened at Marlborough House? 
How many works of art are in the Far Eastern collections?  When did the T. T. Tsui Gallery of Chinese art open? 
What is the most comprehensive costume collection in Britain?  How many outfits and accessories does the British costume Collection contain  When did the V&A receive the Talbot Hughes collection? 
When did the Musical Instruments gallery close?  How many names did the online petition lead to on the Parliamentary website? 
How many paintings did John Sheepshanks donate in 1857?  Who donated the majority of Constable's works to the museum in 1888? 
In what year did ABC launch a promotional campaign focused around its circle logo?  What did Little Dot prompt visitors to do in 2000? 
When did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity?  Who designed ABC's minimalist graphic identity in 1998  When was the four-note theme tune introduced? 
When did Noble appoint Robert Kintner to be ABC's president?  What was the name of the network that Noble proposed a merger between UPT and the DuMont Television Network? 
In what decade did ABC complete its transition to color?  What did ABC use behavioral and demographic data to better determine? 
In what decade did ABC dominate the American television landscape?  What was the name of the movie that Aaron Spelling starred in on ABC in 1981.  In what year did ABC launch ARTS? 
When did Temujin marry Börte?  Who was the wife of Börte when he married Börte in order to cement alliances between their tribes? 
In what year was Temujin elected khan of the Mongols?  Who supported the traditional Mongolian aristocracy and attracted a broader range of followers? 
When did Chinese Nationalist soldiers take the mausoleum from its position at the Lord's Enclosure?  What was the name of the Buddhist monastery that Genghis Khan's bier and relics were returned to? 
Who did not conquer all the areas ultimately part of the Mongol Empire?  When did Genghis Khan's death occur? 
Who was the descendant of Hulagu Khan?  How many people were killed by the Mongols in Merv? 
What is a pharmacy technician considered a health care professional?  What does the General Pharmaceutical Council stand for? 
Who pioneered the preparation of medicines by sublimation and distillation?  Who was the first physician to initiate pharmacopoedia? 
In most countries, what is the dispensary subject to?  What are the requirements for storage conditions, compulsory texts, equipment, and equipment specified in legislation? 
What does consultant pharmacy practice focus on?  Where do consultant pharmacists most typically work? 
What does the AMA Code of Ethics provide?  What percentage of American physicians dispense drugs on their own? 
What can disorders of the immune system result in?  What causes immunodeficiency in humans? 
What are often used to control the effects of inflammation?  What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs? 
What type of cells peak during wake periods?  What is the name of the anti-inflammatory molecule during awake active times? 
Where did evolution of the adaptive immune system occur?  What are two examples of classical molecules of the Adaptive Immune System that exist only in jawed vertebrates? 
What are the mechanisms used to evade the adaptive immune system more complicated?  What is the simplest way to change non-essential epitopes on the surface of the pathogen? 
When was the Peterloo massacre?  Who wrote the poem The Mask of Anarchy? 
What is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged wrong by an individual conscience?  What has been claimed that the Hungarians under Ferenc Deák directed against the Austrian government? 
What are some forms of civil disobedience that make it more difficult for a system to function?  What is the name of the organization that temporarily closed GCSB Waihopai? 
Why do some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment?  What is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meet certain standards of legitimacy has established? 
How many misdemeanor counts were the defendants offered to plead guilty in the Camden 28 case?  What is the name of the case in which activists have opted to enter a blind plea? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?  Where does construction typically take place? 
What is a trade magazine for the construction industry?  What is the name of the trade magazine that generates questions about the size of design and construction companies? 
What is the name of the classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction?  What are the three subsectors of the Standard Industrial Classification and North American Industry Classification System? 
What is the modern trend in design toward integration of previously separated specialties?  What is a "design build" contract called when the contractor is given a performance specification? 
What must the project adhere to?  What are some legal requirements that come from malum in se considerations  Why do attorneys seek changes or exemptions in the law? 
What are secondary or post-secondary schools?  What type of education do Ergänzungsschulen offer? 
What are private schools called in India?  What does a private school receive from the government? 
What are some of the oldest schools in South Africa?  When did missionaries establish private church schools? 
When did parents at white government schools convert to a semi-private form called Model C?  What did many of these schools change their admissions policies to accept children of other races? 
When was Brown v. Board of Education decided?  What was the name of the court case that demanded US schools desegregate with all deliberate speed  When did many of the segregation academies shut down? 
How many separate academic units does Harvard have?  What is the name of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study? 
What is a pedestrian bridge over the Charles River connecting both campuses?  What is the John W. Weeks Bridge? 
What did student activists erected on Harvard Yard?  Who blockaded a speech given by South African Vice Consul Duke Kent-Brown? 
What is undergraduate admission to Harvard characterized by the Carnegie Foundation?  What percentage of applicants did Harvard College accept for the class of 2019, a record low and second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities? 
Who is the U.N. Secretary General?  What country's President Juan Manuel Santos is a Mexican President.  Who was the Greek Prime Minister? 
What is the largest city by population in Florida?  When did the city government consolidate Duval County? 
What river is Jacksonville located on?  What is the name of the French colony that was founded in Fort Caroline in 1564  Who was the first military governor of Florida Territory and seventh president of the United States? 
In what year did Jean Ribault chart the St. Johns River?  What was the name of the first European settlement established by René Goulaine de Laudonnière? 
What caused residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs?  What was the most populous ethnic group in Jacksonville by 2010? 
When did Hurricane Dora hit Jacksonville?  How many times has Jacksonville received a direct hit from a hurricane since 1871? 
Who presented evidence in 2009 that global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand?  Who wrote in 2001 that income inequality harms growth or improved equality can help sustain growth? 
In 1993, Galor and Zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development?  In 1996, a 1996 study by Perotti examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth? 
What hypothesis states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases?  Thomas Piketty claims that wars and violent economic and political shocks reduced what? 
When did some theories developed in the 1970s establish possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development?  Savings by the wealthy were thought to offset reduced consumer demand in what year? 
What is the effect of economic growth on poverty reduction?  How long would a country with low inequality have to achieve the same reduction of poverty? 
What is the name of the sonic screwdriver used by the Doctor?  What does the Doctor use to prevent evil forces from harming innocent people? 
What is the name of the first Doctor's granddaughter?  What is Susan Foreman's nickname? 
Who is the primary female companion of the Ninth and Tenth Doctors?  Who was the first married couple to travel with the Eleventh Doctor? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years?  What was Dudley Simpson's first Doctor Who score? 
Who played the role in Doctor Who and the Daleks in the Seven Keys to Doomsday?  When did Jon Pertwee and Colin Baker play the Doctor at different times during the run of a play titled Doctor Who-The Ultimate Adventure? 
Who plotted the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus?  How many quadrangles are in the Main Quadrangles? 
When did the Gothic style begin to give way to modern styles?  Who was contracted to develop a second master plan for the university's School of Social Service Administration? 
What is the name of the private day school for K-12 students and day care?  What does the Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School provide? 
Who is the third richest man in America?  Who is Oracle Corporation founder and author of the first management accounting textbook James O. McKinsey? 
Who was the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences?  Who is a notable advisor to Republican U.S. President Ronald Reagan and Conservative British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher? 
In what year did Kublai's second invasion of Japan fail?  Who was the leader of the Trần dynasty when he was involved in the Battle of Bạch Đằng? 
Who was Ayurbarwada's son and successor?  How long did Emperor Gegeen Khan rule? 
What type of bureaucracy was created by Kublai Khan?  What was the central government administration established in China in the first decade of Kublai's reign? 
Who practiced Western medicine in China?  Who founded the Office of Western Medicine in 1263 during the reign of Kublai? 
Who wrote that the usage of the term "social classes" was misleading?  What did Mote believe the position of people within the four class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth? 
What does CPI stand for?  What is Kenya's ranking on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index (CPI)?  In 2012, Kenya placed 139th out of 176 countries in the CPI? 
When did Kibaki and Odinga sign an agreement on the formation of a coalition government?  Who would become Kenya's second prime minister? 
When did President Kenyatta and Deputy President William Ruto attend International Criminal Court trials?  What year did President Obama visit China? 
How many child protection officers were employed by the Ministry of Gender and Child Affairs in 2009?  What percentage of girls in Malindi, Mombasa, Kilifi, and Diani were subject to prostitution in 2006? 
How many times was Catherine Ndereba a world champion?  What country has reduced the supremacy of Kenyan athletes in the world of distance running? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015?  When was Hoesung Lee elected as Chair? 
What does the executive summary of the WG I Summary for Policymakers report say?  What percentage of CO2 has been responsible for over half the enhanced greenhouse effect  When will global mean temperature increase by about 0.3 degrees per decade? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers?  What has the IPCC acknowledged that the date is incorrect? 
What was the name of the graph featured in the third assessment report?  Who wrote the paper "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction"?  When did the maximum temperature shown for the Medieval Warm Period not reach temperatures recorded? 
How has the IPCC process compared with other environmental challenges?  What was used to assess the efficiency of IPCC's process? 
When did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell?  What did the new cellular resident provide for the host? 
What are chloroplasts traced back directly to?  What is another name for primary plastids? 
What is the abbreviation for cpDNA?  When was the existence of the plastome proved? 
How do we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages?  How do genes donated to the former host's nucleus persist? 
What are some common misconceptions about the outer and inner chloroplast membranes?  What is often cited as evidence that they are descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself called?  What establishes the central role of primes in number theory? 
What is the property of being prime (or not) called?  What is a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number known as? 
What concerns aspects of the distribution of primes?  What is Polignac's conjecture stronger than? 
What does prime mean?  What is the smallest subfield of a field F containing both 0 and 1, whence the name is given? 
What is the usual absolute value also referred to as?  What does Ostrowski's theorem underline? 
Where does the Middle Rhine flow between Bingen and Bonn?  What is the Rhine Gorge known for? 
What is the most important natural region of the Netherlands?  Where does the Rhine-Meuse Delta begin? 
How many very cold phases did the last glacial see in northwest Europe?  What was the average sea level lower than today? 
When did northwest Europe begin to warm up?  Where did most of the discharge of Europe go? 
What treaty allowed the Rhineland to be occupied by the allies at the end of World War I?  What was the name of the treaty that decreed that theRhineland would be a demilitarised zone after 1935? 
What would be set up in Edinburgh under the terms of the Scotland Act 1978?  What percentage of the Scottish electorate voted for an elected assembly in a referendum to be held on 1 March 1979? 
How much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committee?  What is the main role of committees in Scotland? 
What type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the Scottish Parliament by an outside party or promoter?  Private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects such as what? 
What are subjects that are outside the legislative competence of the Scotland Parliament?  What does the Scottish Parliament unable to legislate on? 
What act introduced a number of qualifications to being an MSP?  What age must members of the police and the armed forces be? 
What is a controversial concept for Islam?  What does the contrary idea that Islam is, or can be, apolitical cause? 
What is the Muslim Brotherhood well known for providing?  What are Muslim movements called that provide shelters, educational assistance, and legal assistance to students from out of town? 
What branch of the All India Muslim League did Iqbal join?  In what year did he come back to Lahore? 
When did the National Islamic Front gain influence?  Who invited members to serve in his government in 1979? 
What was the Islamic State formerly known as?  What is the group called in the early 20th century? 
What geographical societies in Europe had great influence?  What political geographers supported imperialism? 
What does Orientalism refer to?  What did Edward Said believe the East developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What does cultural imperialism mean?  What changes the moral, cultural and societal worldview of another country? 
When was J. A. Hobson born?  When did Thorstein Veblen die? 
When did France take control of Algeria?  Where did France begin to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850? 
When did the United Methodist Church begin?  Where did John Wesley, Charles Wesley and George Whitefield meet? 
Who organized into the Taskforce of United Methodists on Abortion and Sexuality to further their position within the denomination?  When was the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice held? 
Who warned against the dangers of drinking in his sermon "The Use of Money"?  What did John Wesley warn against in his letter to an alcoholic?  When did the General Board of Church and Society call on all United Methodists to abstain from alcohol? 
Who opposes conscription as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture?  Who supports and extends its ministry to those who conscientiously choose to serve in the armed forces or cooperate with systems of military conscription? 
Who ordained the first Methodist clergy?  Who was the priest of the Church of England? 
What is the North American theater of the Seven Years' War called?  When was the official declaration of war signed? 
What was the population of the British settlers in the eastern coast of the continent?  How many French settlers were there in the western coast? 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men?  Who sent additional French forces to relieve Saint-Pierre during the same period? 
Who ordered Washington to lead a larger force to assist Trent in his work?  What was the name of the French scouting party that surprised the Canadians in the Battle of Jumonville Glen? 
Who replaced Lord Loudoun in January 1756?  Who was the second in command in 1756  What was the name of the army reinforcements that arrived in New France  When did England declare war on France? 
What did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere contain four elements that come to rest at different "natural places" therein?  Aristotle's theory based on the everyday experience of how objects move, which led to "natural motion"?  What did the theory of unnatural motion require? 
Who unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the Earth?  Who demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through one consistent theory of electromagnetism? 
What has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity?  What is the shortest space-time path between two space time events defined as? 
What describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field?  The connection between electricity and magnetism allows for what? 
What generates question?  What accounts for forces that cause all strains? 