How many points did the Panthers defense give up?  Which defensive tackle led the team in sacks with 11, while forcing three fumbles and recovering two.  Who was the NFL's active career sack leader with 136? 
What team did the Broncos defeat in the divisional round?  How many points did Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game? 
Who was the first quarterback to lead two different teams to multiple Super Bowls?  When was Peyton Manning the oldest to play in a Super Bowl? 
Who performed the national anthem?  Who provided the translation of American Sign Language? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line?  Who recovered the ball from Newton in the next play? 
Where was the Summer Theatre in operation from 1870 to 1939?  What was the name of Warsaw's first literary cabaret during the inter-war period  When was the Wojciech Bogusławski Theatre built? 
What is the name of the local rivals of Polonia Warsaw?  When did they win Ekstraklasa Championship? 
How many people lived in Warsaw in 1901?  What percentage of the population were Catholics in the 1901 census  How many Mariavites were there in 1909  Who discouraged church construction? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland?  What is a city also a commune but with the city charter? 
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established?  When did the Warsaw Stock Exchange re-establish? 
Before Rollo's arrival, what were the populations of Picardy considered?  When did earlier Viking settlers begin arriving? 
Who were the two most prominent Norman families to arrive in the Mediterranean?  Which family received the county of Aversa from Duke Sergius IV of Naples  Who was the elected leader of the Hauteville family? 
Who were the Norman mercenaries first encouraged to come to the south by?  In what year did George Maniaces campaign? 
What did some Normans join to aid in the destruction of Sassoun and Taron?  Who led a force of "Franks" into the upper Euphrates valley in northern Syria? 
When did the expedition of Jean de Bethencourt and the Poitevine Gadifer de la Salle conquer Lanzarote, Fuerteventura and El Hierro?  Where were the troops gathered? 
Who was renowned for his achievements and showmanship?  Where did Tesla live most of his life? 
Who did Tesla partner with in 1886?  What was the name of the electric lighting company created by Tesla? 
In what year was Tesla granted patents for a system of transmitting electrical energy?  How many Tesla patents did Guglielmo Marconi make his first transatlantic radio transmission? 
When did Edison receive one of 38 possible bids?  How many bids did Tesla receive in 1915? 
What is the name of Tesla's article published in 1937?  In what year was "A Machine to End War" published? 
What branch of the theory of computation focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty?  Computational complexity theory is a branch of what branch of computer science? 
When considering computational problems, a problem instance is a string over an alphabet?  What is the binary alphabet usually taken to be? 
What is the notion of function problems richer than?  What can be recast as decision problems? 
What is used for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space?  How is the time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x described? 
What are many known complexity classes suspected to be?  What is possible if P is not equal to NP? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout the world?  What is corporal punishment called in the United States? 
What trade unions can teachers in Wales be registered members of?  What is the average age of Welsh teachers? 
How long does a teaching certificate in public schools last?  What is required for public school teachers to have a bachelor's degree? 
What is a spiritual teacher known as in Hinduism?  What is the emphasis on in many traditions of Hinduism in the West? 
What are the teachers of Dharma in Tibet most commonly called?  What is a Lama who has through phowa and siddhi determined to be reborn? 
When did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy?  What was the name of the short commentary Luther published on Galatians and his Work on the Psalms.  Where did students throng to hear Luther speak? 
In what year did Luther widen his target from individual pieties to doctrines at the heart of Church practices?  What did Luther condemned as idolatry in his essay On Confession, Whether the Pope has the Power to Require It? 
When was Luther's version of the German Bible published?  What was the name of the English Bible written by William Tyndale? 
Who were the first individuals to be martyred by the Roman Catholic Church for Lutheran views?  Who wrote the hymn "Ein neues Lied wir heben an"?  When was the tune Ibstone composed? 
Where was Luther's last statement found?  In what language was the statement "We are beggars" written? 
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the US?  Where does southern California rank among the largest metropolitan areas in the United States? 
How many metropolitan statistical areas does Southern California have?  What is the population of San Diego-Tijuana? 
What is the second-busiest airport in the US by passenger volume?  Which airport is the world's busiest single runway airport? 
What is the name of the professional sports team in Southern California?  Which league does the LA Galaxy play? 
How many Major League Soccer teams played in Los Angeles between 2005 and 2014?  Where did the LA Galaxy play? 
What are BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts in?  What are Sky Movies and Sky Box Office channels optional for? 
When was Sky Digital launched?  Where was the Astra 2A satellite located when Sky Digital was launched in 1998  What is the name of the new all-digital service launched by Sky? 
When did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels?  What was NTL's service re-branded as? 
What newspaper reported in 2012 that a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother was wrongly claiming to be living alone?  What did the Daily Mail newspaper report in 2012 about claimants' subscription to Sky TV bills? 
What is the fixed annual carriage fee for BSkyB channels?  What are the new fixed carriage fees for the channels called? 
What are Victoria's main political parties?  What is the centre-left Australian Labor Party (ALP)?  Traditionally, Labor is strongest in what suburbs? 
When was Victoria's written constitution enacted?  What does the Victorian Constitution Act 1855 establish? 
What is the base for the manufacturing plants of Ford, Toyota, and Holden?  When did Ford announce a closure year for Australia? 
What gauge do Victorian lines mainly use?  How many tourist railways operate over 760 mm narrow gauge lines? 
When was the colony of New South Wales founded?  What was the western half of Australia named after the colonial government in Sydney? 
What caused the political and military privileges of the Huguenots to be abolished?  When was the Edict of Fontainebleau issued? 
When did the French Huguenots migrate from England to Virginia?  Where did the English Crown offer the French to land instead of land in Norfolk County  What was the abandoned Monacan village known as now in Powhatan County 
When did Jacques Lefevre die?  Who briefly achieved independence for the French church during the Protestant Reformation  Where did William Farel establish a Protestant government? 
What did most Huguenot congregations eventually affiliate with?  What led to the assimilation of the Huguenots? 
Who invited Huguenot to settle in his realms?  Who was the last Prime Minister of the German Democratic Republic? 
What is the main source of heat needed for boiling water and supplying the steam?  What is another name for variously combustion chamber? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines?  When were the first steam engine indicator versions first used? 
What is a Rankine cycle usually limited by?  What is the theoretical Carnot efficiency of a modern coal-fired power station? 
What company has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam?  What is the efficiency of Energiprojekt's steam engine on high pressure engines? 
What are rotating discs called?  What do stators do in a turbine casing  How are the rotors of a steam turbine fixed to the casing? 
When was oxygen discovered independently?  Who discovered oxygen independently in Uppsala, in 1773 or earlier, but Joseph Priestley is often given priority because his work was published first? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study?  Who was the first commercially viable process for producing liquid oxigy independently developed in 1895? 
What do paleoclimatologists measure in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago?  What is the lighter isotope that evaporates at a slightly faster rate than water molecules containing the 12% heavier oxygen-18? 
How many spectrophotometric absorption bands does oxygen present?  What wavelengths are these bands peaking at? 
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O2 around the patient and the medical staff?  What are some of the causes of decompression sickness? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel?  Where was Iran ranked as the world's second-largest oil exporter? 
What caused immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security?  What changed competitive positions in many industries during the embargo? 
When did Nixon name William E. Simon as the first administrator of the Federal Energy Office?  What was the name of the short-term organization that Nixon created to coordinate the response to the embargo? 
What led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels?  What do American energy policies dominated by since the crisis? 
What was the name of the first Japanese compact car?  What were the names of the larger cars introduced by Toyota and Nissan that were called when they opened US assembly plants? 
Who was the special technical assistant of Seamans?  When did Seamans establish an ad-hoc committee to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the Apollo program? 
When would the first Block II CSM and LM fly in a dual mission known as AS-207/208 or AS-278?  What was the traditional visor helmet replaced with? 
What did Grissom, White, and Chaffee decide to name their flight Apollo 1 as?  Where was the "plugs-out" test planned for? 
When did the plugs-out test begin?  What happened to the crew during the hold of the simulated countdown? 
Who compiled the original lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11?  What was the budget of the restored Apollo 11 video? 
When did the principal treaties that form the European Union begin?  When were more complete and formal institutions established through the Treaty of Rome 1957 and the Maastricht Treaty 1992 (now: TFEU)?  What treaty was signed to complete the development of a single internal market in the Single European Act 1986? 
Who has a monopoly on initiating legislation?  What is the EU's principle of equality of its citizens called in the Treaty on European Union articles 9 and 10  How many signatures are required to submit an initiative that must be considered by the Commission? 
Since when has the EU operated among an increasing plurality of national and globalizing legal systems?  What is the Court of Justice's view if EU law conflicts with a provision of national law, then EU law has primacy.  Why did Costa v ENEL refused to pay his electricity bill to Enel? 
When was the European Convention on Human Rights established?  When did the European Council create a European Charter of Human rights? 
When was the UK Labour Party elected to government?  What amendment allowed the UK to be included with minor amendments as the Social Chapter of the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam? 
What is the name of the moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America?  How many nations belong to the region containing the majority of the rainforest in Brazil? 
What was the total area of forest lost in the Amazon between 1991 and 2000?  What percentage of land deforested since 1970 is used for livestock pasture? 
What has been used to justify many of the controversial transportation projects that are currently being developed in the Amazon?  What was the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005? 
How much of the world's terrestrial primary productivity does Amazonian evergreen forests account for?  What could accelerate global warming? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought?  How many epicenters did the drought have in the 2010 drought  What journal published the findings of the early drought in 2010  In a typical year the Amazon absorbs how much carbon dioxide? 
What do most ctenophores take prey from?  How many times their own weight can ctenopthores eat in favorable circumstances? 
Where have fossils thought to represent ctenophores been found?  When was the earliest Cambrian period? 
What are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion?  What is the Greek suffix for "carrying"?  How many strips do most species have? 
What are extremely rare as fossils?  Where were ctenophores rarely found until the mid 1990s  How many putative species were found in the Burgess Shale? 
What is very important to our understanding of the early evolution of animals and the origin of multicellularity?  Ctenophores have been purported to be the sister lineage to what? 
What is the "West Side" of Fresno also called?  What is Southwest Fresno traditionally considered to be? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after?  Who was the millionaire who named Kearney? 
What percentage of households had children under the age of 18 living in them?  How many families were there in the average? 
What is the name of the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley?  Which state route heads east to Clovis and Huntington Lake? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway?  When was the Interstate Highway System created? 
In connectionless mode, each packet includes what?  Each packet is labeled with a destination address, source address, and what else? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational?  How many network technologies had been developed before the introduction of X.25 in 1973.  What is an example of a datagram protocol? 
What company created DECnet?  When was DECnet first released in order to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers? 
When was Merit Network, Inc. formed?  What is the name of the Michigan Educational Research Information Triad? 
What does Internet2 stand for?  What was the name of the first internet2 network built by the internet2 community in 1998 and was a prime investor in the National LambdaRail project? 
What was the most authoritative account of the Middle Ages?  Who blamed the heavens in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a great pestilence in the air? 
How many previously unknown clades of the Y. pestis genome associated with mass graves were found to be extinct?  When did the first variant entered Europe through the port of Marseille? 
Who suggested that the cause of the Y. pestis was a form of anthrax?  Which archaeologist argued that there is insufficient evidence of the extinction of a large number of rats in the medieval waterfront in London and that the plague spread too quickly to support the thesis that they were spread from fleas on rats? 
How many people died of the plague in Paris in 1466?  What percentage of the population died during the 16th and 17th centuries during Paris's darkest periods between 1350 and 1490  How many times did the Black Death occur in Paris between 1361 and 1528? 
What ravaged much of the Islamic world?  Between 1500 and 1850, how many locations in the world were plagued by a plague? 
How many timelines show the geologic time scale?  The first scale shows the entire time from the formation of the earth to the present, but this compresses the most recent eon with an expanded scale.  What does the second scale show? 
What is the principle of faunal succession based on?  What does the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks provide a relative age of? 
Where do scientists analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field?  What can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface? 
Who is of the opinion that the origin of science of geology can be traced to Persia after Muslim conquests had come to an end?  Who was one of the earliest Persian geologists who hypothesized that the Indian subcontinent was once a sea.  When was Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni born? 
Who is often viewed as the first modern geologist?  In what year did James Hutton present his paper titled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? 
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle?  Who founded Pons Aelius in the 2nd century AD  What is the name of the Roman fort and bridge across the River Tyne  Which Roman Emperor founded the bridge  How many people lived in the area of Newcastle during this time period  When did Hadrian found Newcastle's bridge 
When was the Butcher Market originally built?  What was the name of the earlier market that was built in 1808 called the Grainger Market.  How many people attended the Grand Dinner in 1835? 
What is the name of the folk rock group that has a strong Tyneside connection?  What was the most famous song of Lindisfarne's? 
How many phases did the Tyne and Wear Metro open in 1980 and 1984?  What was Britain's first urban light rail transit system called in the U.K.  Who designed and constructed the mobile radio system to the underground Metro? 
What are the names of the two universities in Newcastle?  When was the School of Medicine and Surgery established? 
Who was the first director of the V&A museum?  When was the Museum of Manufactures first opened? 
How many works of art are in the Far Eastern collections?  When did the T. T. Tsui Gallery of Chinese art open? 
What is the most comprehensive costume collection in Britain?  How many outfits and accessories does the British costume Collection contain? 
When did the Musical Instruments gallery close?  How many names were petitioned to approve the musical instruments gallery? 
How many paintings did John Sheepshanks donate in 1857?  Who donated most of the artworks donated to the museum in 1888  What was the most significant sketch for The Hay Wain? 
When did ABC launch a web-based promotional campaign focused around its circle logo?  What was the name of the comic book character that prompted visitors to "download the dot"?  Who did ABC design and produce its 2001-2002 identity? 
When did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity?  Who designed ABC's minimalist graphic identity in 1998  What was the new four-note theme tune introduced  When was ABC stopped with its 1998-2002 jingles? 
Who did Noble appoint to be ABC's president?  When did Robert Kintner die? 
In what decade did ABC complete its transition to color?  What types of data did ABC use to determine what type of sponsors to sell advertising slots to and provide programming that appeal towards certain audiences? 
When did ABC dominate the American television landscape?  What was the name of the movie that featured Aaron Spelling on ABC's Dynasty? 
When did Temujin marry Börte?  Who was the protector of the Onggirat tribe after they were kidnapped by the Merkits? 
Who was elected khan of the Mongols in 1186?  Who threatened the traditional Mongolian aristocracy and attracted a broader range of followers? 
What year did Chinese Nationalist soldiers take the mausoleum from the Lord's Enclosure?  What monastery was taken by Chinese Nationalists to protect it from Japanese troops? 
Who did not conquer all of the areas ultimately part of the Mongol Empire?  When did Genghis Khan die? 
Who was the descendant of Hulagu Khan?  How many people were killed by the Mongols in Merv? 
What is a pharmacy technician usually supervised by?  What is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals? 
Who was the first physician to initiate pharmacopoedia?  What was the name of the book that Avicenna described the properties of drugs and outlined the role of pharmacy and duties of the pharmacist? 
In most countries, what is the dispensary subject to?  What are the requirements for storage conditions, compulsory texts, equipment, and other things specified in legislation? 
What does consultant pharmacy focus on?  Where do most consultant pharmacists typically work? 
What percentage of American physicians reportedly dispense drugs on their own?  What does the AMA Code of Ethics stand for? 
What can disorders of the immune system result in?  What does immunodeficiency result in in humans when they are less active than normal? 
What are often used to control the effects of inflammation?  What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs? 
What are cytotoxic natural killer cells called?  What are CTLs called during awake active times in order to elicit an effective response against? 
When did evolution of the adaptive immune system occur?  What are two classical immune systems molecules? 
What is the simplest approach to evade the adaptive immune system?  What is keeping essential epitopes concealed? 
Who wrote the poem The Mask of Anarchy after the Peterloo massacre?  What was the name of the political poem written by Percy Shelley following Peterloo Massacre in 1819  Who wrote Civil Disobedience? 
What is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged "wrong"?  What does Gandhi's acts be described as?  Who directed revolutionary civil diobedience against the Austrian government? 
What are some forms of civil disobedience that make it difficult for a system to function?  What is a form of illegal boycotts that makes it more difficult for an organization to function called? 
Why do some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment?  What is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established? 
What type of tactics do activists use to secure the same plea bargain for civil disobedients?  How many counts were defendants offered to plead guilty in the Camden 28 case? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure?  Where does construction typically take place for a known client? 
What does ENR stand for?  What is the name of the trade magazine for the construction industry? 
What are the three subsectors to recognize the differences of companies in construction?  What are construction service firms called? 
What is the modern trend in design toward integration of previously separated specialties among large firms?  What is a "design build" contract where the contractor is given a performance specification? 
What must a project adhere to?  What are some legal requirements that come from malum in se considerations.  Why do attorneys seek changes or exemptions in the law? 
What are secondary or post-secondary schools called?  What are most of the vocational schools? 
What are private schools called in India?  What does a private school receive from the government? 
What are some of the oldest schools in South Africa?  When were the first private church schools established in South Africian? 
What was the name of the semi-private form that parents at white government schools were given the option to convert to in the final years of the apartheid era?  What did many of these schools change their admissions policies to do after the transition to democracy? 
When did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka decide to desegregate US schools?  What was the academic content of the Christian academies usually called? 
How many academic units are there at Harvard?  How many faculties are at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study? 
What is the name of the bridge over Charles River connecting both Harvard and Harvard campuses?  How large is the Harvard Stadium? 
What did student activists erect on Harvard Yard?  Who blockaded a speech given by Duke Kent-Brown at the time of the divestment from South Africa in the 1980s? 
What is undergraduate admission to Harvard characterized by the Carnegie Foundation?  What percentage of applicants did Harvard College accept for the class of 2019? 
Who was the U.N. Secretary General?  Which country's President Juan Manuel Santos was a Mexican President? 
What is the largest city by population in Florida?  When was Duval County consolidated? 
What region of Florida is Jacksonville located on?  What is the name of the French colony that established Fort Caroline in 1564  Who was the first military governor of the Florida Territory? 
Who charted the St. Johns River in 1562?  Why did Jean Ribault chart the River of May called it the River Of May  What was the name of the first European settlement established by René Goulaine de Laudonnière? 
What caused Jacksonville to suffer from negative effects of rapid urban sprawl after World War II?  What led residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs? 
What year did Hurricane Dora hit Jacksonville?  How many times has Jacksonville experienced hurricanes or near-hurricane conditions? 
Who presented evidence in 2009 that global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand?  Who wrote in 2001 that "income inequality harms growth"?  What has become the secret to growth? 
When did Galor and Zeira show that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development?  When was a 1996 study by Perotti examining the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth? 
What does the Kuznets curve hypothesis say?  Who believes that wars and violent economic and political shocks reduced inequality? 
When did some theories establish possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development?  Savings by the wealthy were thought to offset reduced consumer demand according to a 1955 review.  What has risen with increased income inequality? 
What is the effect of economic growth on poverty reduction?  How long does it take for a country with low inequality to achieve the same reduction of poverty? 
How often does the Doctor travel alone?  What is the name of the Doctor's sonic screwdriver? 
What is the name of the first TV show that shows the Doctor's granddaughter Susan Foreman?  In what year was Tomb of the Cybermen released? 
When did the Doctor generally travel with a female companion?  Who was the primary companion of the Ninth and Tenth Doctor? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years?  Who was Dudley Simpson well known for for theme and incidental music for in Blake's 7, and for his haunting theme music and score for the original 1970s version of The Tomorrow People? 
When did Trevor Martin play the Doctor Who in the Seven Keys to Doomsday?  When was The Curse of the Daleks released? 
What is the name of the first building at the University of Chicago campus?  Who created the master plan for the main quadrangles? 
In what year was Eero Saarinen contracted to develop a second master plan for the Midway?  Who designed the Laird Bell Law Quadrangle for the School of Social Service Administration? 
What is the name of the private day school for K-12 students and day care?  What residential treatment program does the Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School provide? 
What is Satya Nadella's career?  Who is Oracle Corporation founder and author of the first management accounting textbook? 
Who was the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences?  Who is an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics? 
When did Kublai's second invasion of Japan fail?  What caused Kublai to lose a Pyrrhic victory against Burma? 
Who was Ayurbarwada's son and successor?  How long did Emperor Gegeen Khan rule from 1321 to 1323? 
Who created the Yuan bureaucracy?  What was the central government administration established within the first decade of Kublai Khan's reign? 
What was Western medicine sometimes called in China?  Who founded the Office of Western Medicine in 1263 during the reign of Kublai? 
Who wrote that the usage of the term social classes was misleading?  What did Mote write about the position of people within the four-class system? 
How does Kenya rank on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index?  What does CPI stand for? 
When did Kibaki and Odinga sign an agreement on the formation of a coalition government?  Who would appoint cabinet ministers from PNU and ODM camps? 
Who was the Deputy President of Kenya in 2013?  When did President Barack Obama visit Kenya? 
What is the main cause of child labour in Kenya?  How many child protection officers were employed by the Ministry of Gender and Child Affairs in 2009? 
What is Kenya known for?  What are Kenyan athletes most famous for in the world of distance running? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015?  Who was the vice-Chair prior to the election of the new IPCC Bureau? 
What does the executive summary of the WG I Summary for Policymakers report say is substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases?  What percentage of CO2 has been responsible for the enhanced greenhouse effect? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers?  The IPCC has since acknowledged that the date is incorrect.  Which report has misquoted the date of 2035? 
What was the name of the third assessment report?  Who wrote the 1999 paper that featured the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction"?  When did the Medieval Warm Period not reach temperatures recorded in central England? 
What does the IPCC process compare with other environmental challenges?  What is the difference between the Ozone depletion and global warming? 
When did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell?  What was the advantage of the new cellular resident? 
What are chloroplasts traced back to?  What is another name for primary plastids? 
What is the abbreviation for chloroplasts?  When was the existence of the cloroplast DNA first proved? 
What gene transfer is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages?  What does the presence of green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence for? 
What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasts are descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself called?  What establishes the central role of primes in number theory? 
What is the property of being prime or not called?  What is a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number known as? 
What concerns aspects of the distribution of primes?  What conjecture is a strengthening of Polignac's Conjecture? 
What is the smallest subfield of a field F containing both 0 and 1?  What does prime mean in an appropriate sense? 
What is the usual absolute value also referred to as?  When a number is multiplied by p, what yields the field of real numbers? 
Where does the Middle Rhine flow through?  What was the formation created by erosion equal to? 
What is the most important natural region of the Netherlands?  Where does the Rhine-Meuse Delta begin? 
When did the last glacial run?  How many very cold phases did the glacial see in northwest Europe? 
How long ago did northwest Europe begin to warm up?  Where did most of Europe's snow covers melted in spring? 
What treaty was the Rhineland subject to at the end of World War I?  When did the Treaty of Versailles become a demilitarised zone? 
What would be set up in Edinburgh under the terms of the Scotland Act 1978?  What percentage of the Scottish electorate voted for an elected assembly in a referendum to be held on 1 March 1979? 
What is the principal role of committees in the Scottish Parliament?  When do committee meetings take place? 
What type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the Scottish Parliament?  Private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects such as infrastructure projects that require use of what? 
What are subjects that are outside of the legislative competence of the Scotland Parliament?  Where are ministerial functions usually held? 
What qualifications apply to being an MSP?  What age must a member of the House of Commons be in order to be a citizen of the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, or one of the countries in the Commonwealth of Nations, a European Union citizen resident in the UK? 
What is the controversial concept of Islamism?  What does Hayri Abaza argue that the failure to distinguish between Islam and Islamism leads many in the West to support? 
What is the Muslim Brotherhood known for providing?  What are some Muslim movements that are well known to provide shelters, educational assistance, and legal assistance? 
What branch of the All India Muslim League did Iqbal join?  In what year didIqbal come back to Lahore? 
Who was the leader of Sudan's Islamist regime?  When did Hassan al-Turabi's National Islamic Front gain influence? 
What is the Islamic State formerly known as?  What was the former name of the "Islamic State of Iraq"?  How many people occupied territory in Iraq and Syria as of March 2015? 
The Royal Geographical Society of London was able to fund travelers who would come back with tales of their discoveries.  What political geographer supported imperialism?  Who supported Britain's imperial expansion? 
Who theorized Orientalism?  What did Edward Said believe the East developed when he developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What does cultural imperialism mean?  What changes the moral, cultural and societal worldview of another? 
Who argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation?  When did J. A. Hobson die? 
When did France take control of Algeria?  Where did France concentrate most of its empire after 1850  What did the new empire supply to the motherland? 
When did the United Methodist Church begin?  Where did a small group of students meet on the Oxford University campus? 
Who organized into the Taskforce of United Methodists on Abortion and Sexuality?  When did the attempt to withdraw the United Methodist Church membership in the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice take place? 
Who warned against the dangers of drinking in his sermon "The Use of Money"?  What did John Wesley warn against in his letter to an alcoholic?  Who called on all United Methodists to abstain from alcohol for Lent? 
What does the United Methodist Church oppose?  What do Christians believe is always righteous before God? 
Who was the first Methodist clergy ordained by?  Who isolated the Methodists from the Church of England and its sacraments? 
What is the entire international conflict known as in Europe?  When was the official declaration of war announced? 
What was the population of the British settlers?  How many French settlers were there in the eastern coast of the continent  When was Nova Scotia captured from France  What did the Hudson's Bay Company trade for  Who traded furs with local tribes 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men to the point of Saint-Pierre?  Who led 500 men south from Fort Venango? 
Who ordered Washington to lead a larger force to assist Trent in his work?  What was the name of the French scouting party that surprised the Canadians on May 28? 
Who replaced Lord Loudoun in January 1756?  Who was the second in command of Newcastle's army in 1756  When did England declare war on France  What was the war called in Europe? 
Who provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology?  The terrestrial sphere contained how many elements that come to rest at different "natural places"?  Aristotle believed that motionless objects on Earth were in their natural place on what? 
Who unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the Earth?  Michael Faraday and James Clerk Maxwell demonstrated that electric and magnetic forces were unified through one consistent theory of electromagnetism.  What is the most popular approach to answer the question? 
What theory has been acknowledged as the best explains gravity?  In GR, gravitation is not viewed as a force, but rather, objects moving freely in gravitational fields travel under their own inertia in which lines through curved space-time.  What is the time derivative of the changing momentum of the object? 
What rule describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field?  The connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of what? 
What question generates question regarding the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated?  What accounts for forces that cause all strains? 