How many points did the defense der Panthers earn?  Who was the Defensive Tackle that führt the team with 11 Sacks? 
What team did the Broncos beat in the Divisional Round?  How many points did Broncos get in the letzten three minutes of the game? 
Who was the earliest Quarterback in a Super Bowl?  What is the age of Peyton Manning? 
Who führte the Nationalhymne?  Who does ASL stand for? 
How many Drives did Carolina have?  When did Carolina get a 24-10 Führung? 
What was the Sommertheater in Ogród Saski called?  Where was Sommertheater from 1870 to 1939 in Betrieb? 
What does PZPN stand for?  Where is the Heimstadion Polonias located? 
How many people lived in Warschau in 1901?  What percentage of the population was Katholiken in 1901  In 1909, how many Juden in Warsaw were Mariaviten? 
What is another name for a Grundlegende Verwaltungseinheit in Polen?  What is an example for an anrecht in a Gmina? 
When was the erste Warschauer Börse created?  When did the Erste Warschauer Börsen become a successful operating system? 
When did early Wikinger-Siedler come to Norfolk Island?  Where was the Halbinsel Cotentin located? 
What was the name of the first normannischen Brückenkopf im Süden?  When did Rainulf Drengot become Herzog Sergius IV. von Neapel? 
When did the Normannen in Italy reach the Byzantine Reich?  Who ermutigt the Normannische Söldner? 
Why did Normannen schließen sich türkischen Streitkräften an?  Where did the Normannen begin to treten in den Dienst des armenischen Vasallenstaaten.  Who führte a Gruppe von Franken in the obere Euphrattal in Norden Syriens? 
When did the Expedition begin?  Where did they erobera their Truppen? 
What was Tesla known for?  Where did Tesla spend most of his life? 
When did Tesla leave Edisons Company?  Who were Robert Lane and Benjamin Vail's Geschäftsleute? 
In what year did Tesla patent for a System zur Übertragung elektrischer Energie?  How many Tesla-Patente were supposed to be verwended for the first transatlantische Funkübertragung? 
Who won the Nobel Prize in 1915?  How many possible Nominierungen did Edison win in 1937? 
What is the name of Tesla's 1937 article?  When was the article "A Machine to End War" published? 
What is a Zweig of Berechnungstheorie in der theoretischen Informatik?  What does Komplexitätstheorie focus on? 
What does a String in einem Alphabet display?  What is a probleminstanz in a Binäre Alphabet? 
What is verlockend to denken about Funktionsprobleme?  Funktionsprobleme are umformuliert as what? 
What is a Rechenmodell?  What is the Gesamtzahl der Zustandsübergänge, or Schritte, die die Maschine macht, bevor sie stoppt and die Antwort ausgibt? 
Why is it possible when all of the Komplexitätsklassen in a Klasse zerfallen?  What is an example of a complexitäts class ungleich? 
Which form of bestrafung was a häufig form of Disziplinierung an Schulen?  Where does the körperliche Bestrafung still remain in the US Supreme Court? 
Which Gewerkschafts does Wales have a member of?  What is the average age of a Welsh worker? 
How long does a Lehrzertifikat usually last?  What is the maximum length of a Zertifikat? 
What does Hinduism stand for?  What do Gurus oft a large Maß an Kontrolle over? 
What are Dharma-Lehrer/innen usually called?  What do Dharma-Lher/innen typically call? 
When did Luther's Schriften reach popularity?  Where did Studenten go to when Luther published a shorten comment about Galater and his Werk over Psalmen? 
When did Luther's Angriffs over individuelle Frömmeleien hinaus on Doktrine im Zentrum kirchlicher Praktiken begin?  When was the Aufhebung of Privaten Messe abolished? 
What was Luthers version schnell to?  When was the englische Bible von William Tyndale written? 
What did Luther's Hymnen inspire?  What was the name of the hymne written by Johann Esch and Heinrich Voes? 
What was entdeckt when Luther's letzte Schrift verfasst hatte?  In what language was the Text written? 
What is the third largest Ballungsraum of the USA?  Which geographical geographical area does Südkalifornien rank among US cities? 
How many statistischen Ballungsräumen does Southkalifornien have?  How many erweiterten Metropolregions does the region belong to  What is the name of the region nördlich of Greater Los Angeles? 
Where is the Los Angeles International Airport located?  What is the third largest airport in the US? 
What is the name of the NFL team in Südkalifornien?  Where are the Los Angeles Clippers based? 
How many Major League Soccer-Teams played in Los Angeles between 2005 and 2014?  Where did the two Major League Football Teams play? 
Which Kanäle offers optional Soundtracks in Dolby Digital?  What does 7-Tage-EPG stand for? 
When did Sky Digital start?  What was the Orbitalposition of the Satelliten Astra 2A? 
When did BSkyB announce their three digital-terrestrischen Kanäle zu ersetzen?  When was the abbreviation "Bezahlkanäle" announced? 
What newspaper reported in 2012 about the Sky TV-Rechnungen a Frau?  Why was the Abonnement of Sportkanälen a Zeichen for the Präsenz of a Mannes im Haushalt? 
What does the jährliche Sendegebühren for the Kanäle enthalt?  Why does BSkyB and Virgin Media refuse to pay additional expense when their Kanäle meet their agreements? 
What are the wichtigsten political partyen in Victoria?  Which Australian Labour Party is traditionally in Melbourne's westlichen and nördlichen Arbeitervororten? 
When was Victoria's schriftliche Verfassung erlassen?  Which document basiert on the Kolonialverfassung? 
What was Victoria the Heimat of?  When does Toyota's Erklärung vom Februar 2014 sieht as Schließungsjahr 2017? 
What is the Eisenbahn in Victoria hauptsächlich based on?  Where does a Touristen Eisenbahn usually operate? 
When was the Kolonie New South Wales created?  What was the name of the eastern half of Australien called in 1788  Who was the Vizegouverneur of Australian territory in 1803  Where was David Collins based? 
When did the Erneute Religionskriege occur?  When was the Edikt von Fontainebleau erlassen? 
How many französische Hugenotten siedelten in the Kolonie Virginiaüber?  Where did the englische Krone ihnen Ländereien in Lower Norfolk County versprochen hatten  What county was Monacan-Dorf formerly known as? 
Who was Jacques Lefevre?  When did Jacques Lefeber become a professor at the University of Paris? 
What did the most hugenottischen Gemeinden in Nordamerika lack?  Where did the Hugenotten pass their schnell an and heirate? 
Who was Kurfürst von Brandenburg?  Who was the letzte Premierminister of the Deutschen Demokratischen Republic? 
Where does Hitze usually come from?  What is another term for Brennkammer? 
What is the nützlichste Messgerät to analyse der Leistung von Dampfmaschinen?  When were early versionen of Dampfmaschinen-Indikators in Gebrauch? 
What is the Effizienz of Clausius-Rankine-Kreisprozesses normally begrenzt?  When does the Temperaturspanne, in der der Prozess laufen, ziemlich klein? 
Where is the Firma Energiprojekt AB based?  What is the Wirkungsgrad of the Dampfmaschine von Energiprojekt? 
What are roterende Scheiben?  Where does a Rotor usually align between the Rotoren and a Stator? 
Who discovered Sauerstoff?  When was Sauerstoff entdeckt? 
When was James Dewar able to produce flüssigen Sauerstoff?  Who developed the erste wirtschaftlich umsetzbare Verfahren to Herstellung von flüssigem Sauerstoff.  Why was the Autogenschweißen demonstrated? 
Who messen the Verhältnis von Sauerstoff-18 to Sauerstoff-16 in Gehäusen and Skeletten von Meereslebewesen?  Why do Palaoklimatologen determine this Verhältnis? 
How many spektrophotometrische Absorptionsbandse does Sauerstoff weist?  Why is the Messung of Strahlung in the Banden von Vegetation schwierig? 
Who uses Sauerstoffkammern?  What does a erhöhte O2 Konzentration in the Lungen help to increase? 
When did Syrien and Ägypten start a Surprisesangriff on Israel?  Where was the Überraschungsangriff against Israel started? 
What negative effect did the Embargo have on the US-Wirtschaft?  How long did it take for Ölfirmen to find neuer Felder? 
Who ernannte Nixon William E. Simon as a Direktor of Federal Energy Office?  What was the name of the agency that ran a reaction to the Embargo? 
Why does the energykrise generate question?  Why have Kongresse and Präsidenten immer wieder unterstützt political Lösungen? 
What was the name of the earliest Japanese Kleinwagen?  When did Honda, Toyota, and Nissan öffne their Montagewerke? 
Who anführte Ad-hoc-Kommission in Juli 1961?  Nicholas E. Golovin angeführt a Kommission to Empfehlung a Trägerrakete in what month and year? 
Why would a Besatzung den ersten Block II CDM and LM in a Doppelmission fliegen?  What were the Ränge der Besatzung des Block II bezeichnet as? 
Who entschlossen sich, ihren Flug as Motivationsschwerpunkt on the ersten bemannten Flug "Apollo 1"?  Where did Grissom, White and Chaffee train and führt Tests?  What was geplant for Januar? 
When did the Bodentest ohne Außenstromversorgung begin?  Why did the Astronauten ersticke? 
What was the budget for the Übertragungs data von Apollo 11?  How much did the budget cost for the restoration of the Apollo 11 Video  Where were the photos taken from? 
When did the wichtigsten Verträge begin?  When was the Vertrag von Rom 1957 created.  In what year were wichtige Änderungsverträge underzeichnet? 
When do Parlamentswahlen usually statt?  When does the EU establish a Monopoly on the Gesetzgebungsinitiative? 
What is the EU in a increasing Vielfalt nationaler and globaler Rechtssysteme?  When was the Simmenthal II-Entscheidung fought? 
When did the Europäische Rat establish a Gremium?  When was a Europäischen Menschenrechtskonvention formed? 
When did the election of the Labour Party take place?  When was the Europäische Betriebsratsrichtlinie abolished? 
What is the name of the feuchter Laubwald?  Where is the largest portion of the Amazonasbecken bedeckt? 
When did the verloren gegangen Waldfläche in the Amazonasgebiet increase?  What was the largest portion of the Waldes used as Weidefläche for Rinder? 
What did the Sojabauern want to do?  Why did the Autobahnen erschließen? 
How much of the worldweiten Terrestrischen Primärproduktion does the immergrünen Wälder der Amazonasgebietes make?  What percentage of the Earth's total plant population is estimated to be fossilized? 
When did the Amazonas-Regenwald die?  How much Regenwald did the betroffene Region cover? 
What are fast alle Rippenquallen?  How much their Eigengewichts do Rippenqualen usually easily eat? 
Where were Fossilien gefunden?  When did Kambrium begin to reach their earliest age? 
What are the largest non-kolonialen Tiere?  What is the typical size of the Rippenquallen? 
What are Rippenquallenfossilien extremly selten?  Where were fossilen Fossilien gefunden bis Mitte der 90er Jahre known? 
What is very wichtig for unser Verständnis der frühen Evolution der Tiere?  Where does the Beziehung der Rippenquallen to Rest der Metazoa stehen? 
What is Southwest Fresno also known as?  Where is the West Side of Fresno located? 
What is the name of M. Theo Kearney?  Where does the Kearney Boulevard derive from? 
How many Haushalte does the U.S. have?  What percentage of the Haushalte are alleinstehende Personen, die 65 or älter 
What is the wichtigste Nord-Süd-Autobahn?  Where does the State Route 99 begin? 
What is the largest US-Stadt?  When was the Interstate-Highway-System created? 
What does a verbindungslosen Modus contain?  When a paket is versandt, what is it called? 
When were ARPANET and SITA HLN in Betrieb genommen?  How many verschiedene networktechnologien were developed prior to the Einführung von X.25? 
When was DECnet created?  How many PDP-11 Minicomputers were used to connect to DECnet? 
When was Merit Network Inc. founded?  What was the name of the gemeinnützige 501(c)(3)-Gesellschaft that von Michigans öffentlichen Universitäten verwaltet? 
What is Internet2?  When did Internet2 bautize its first internet2-Netzwerk mit dem name Abilene.  What was the name of the first internet2 network? 
Where was the maßgeblichest Darstellung of the Mittelalter?  When was a "große Pest in der Luft" ausgelöst? 
What was the name of the mittelalterlichen Massengräber?  When did the erste Variante of the Y. pestis-Genoms reach Europe? 
What was the Ursache of the Y. pestis?  Who believed that they could be a Kombination of Anthrax and anderen Pandemien gewesen  Which Archäologe argued that the Pandemie was a Form of Infektionskrankheit? 
How many people starben an der Pest in Paris?  When was the letzte Pestausbruch? 
When did the Blacke Tod begin?  How many millions of people died in Algier in the years 1620-21 and 1654-57? 
How many Zeitachsen zeigen the geologische Zeitskala?  Which zeigt the gesamten Zeitraum von der Entstehung der Erde bis to Gegenwart? 
What basiert on the Auftreten von Fossilien in Sedimentgesteinen?  What does the Prinzip der Faunenfolge base on? 
Where do Stratigraphen proben from?  What does stigraphen use to analyze the location of stratigraphischer Einheiten in the Untergrund? 
When was Abu al-Rayhan al-Biruni born?  Who was the earliest persischen Geologist? 
Who was the early Geologe?  When did James Hutton present a paper with the title "Theory of the Earth"?  In what year did Hutton publish a version of his Theories? 
What was the earliest urkundliche Siedlung in Newcastle?  When did Pons Aelius become a settlement in Northern Newcastle  What does the name "Ende der Mauer" mean? 
When was the Grainger-Markt built?  What was the nickname of the Metzgermarkt? 
What is the name of the Folk-Rock Gruppe?  When was the song "Fog on the Tyne"?  Who was the lead guitarist of Duran Duran? 
What is the abbreviation for the Tyne and Wear Metro?  How many Phasens between 1980 and 1984 opened the system of the City of Newcastle? 
How many Universitäten does Newcastle have?  When did the Newcastle University become a part of the Durham University? 
Who was the erste Direktor of the Victoria and Albert Museum?  When was the Victoria & Albert Museum created? 
How many Kunstwerke does the fernöstlichen Sammlungen include?  When was the T.T. Tsui Galerie of chinesischen Kunst opened? 
What is the umfangreichste Kostümsammlung in Großbritannien?  How many Kostümskizzen, Design-Notizbücher, and Papierstücke are typically found in the Abteilung Wort and Bild? 
When did the Galerie for Musikinstrumente close?  Who asked the Parlament for the Zukunft of the Sammlung? 
How many Gemälde did John Sheepshank spend in 1857?  When was the Nationalgalerie for britische Kunst overnommen? 
In what year did ABC begin a webbased Werbekampagne?  What was the Mittelpunkt of the Werbekampagne in 2000? 
Who entwored the minimalistisches grafisches logo?  When did ABC introduce its Imagekampagne "We Love TV"?  What was the name of the Imagekampagne created by ABC? 
When did Noble Robert Kintner become president of ABC?  When was the Fusion between UPT and DuMont Television Network supposed to be umbenannt? 
When did ABC begin using Farbfernsehen?  Why did ABC use verhaltensbasierte and demographische Daten? 
When did ABC dominate the amerikanische Fernsehlandschaft?  When was Der Denver-Clan created? 
Who heiratete Temüdschin?  When did Börte heirate? 
When did the Freundschaft von Jamukha and Temüdschin end?  When was the Khan der Mongolen gewählt? 
When did chinesisch-nationalistische Soldaten barge their Mausoleum?  When was the Mausoleum barged? 
When did Dschingis Khan die?  Where did the Mongole's Armeen reach victory in Persien? 
Where did the Invasions in Bagdad, Urgentsch, Kiew, Wladimir, and anderen cause?  Who was the Nachkomme of Hülegü Chan? 
What does the GPhC stand for?  Where does an Apothekentechniker work? 
When did Muḥammad ibn Zakaryā ar-Rāzī die?  When was Ibn al-Wafid born? 
Where does the Apothekengesetzgebung usually fall under?  Why do Apothekentechniker increase their ability to work with Patientenrezepten? 
What is another term for kognitive dienste?  Where do a lot of ältere Menschen inzwischen zahlreiche Medikamente einnehmen? 
In which jurisdictions are Apotheker unabhängig von Ärzten regulated?  Who does the Ethikkodex der American Medical Association (AMA) sieht vor, dass Ärzte Medikamente in ihren Praxisräumen auszuben? 
When does immunschwäche tritt on?  What causes Immunschwäche to become more active than normal? 
What are the stärksten entzündungshemmende Medikamente?  What are some unerwünschte Nebenwirkungen von entzündungshemmenden Medikamente such as zentrales Übergewicht, Hyperglykämie and Osteoporose? 
What are cytotoxische natürliche Killerzellen?  Which Moleküle is während der activeen Wachphase am stärksten? 
When did the evolution of adaptiven Immunsystems fall?  Where do many classical Moleküle exist? 
What are the Mechanisms to Umgehung des adaptiven Immunsystems komplizierter?  What does the einfachste Ansatz belong to? 
When was the Peterloo-Massaker written?  Who wrote the political Gedicht The Mask of Anarchy? 
What is revolutionärer ziviler Ungehorsam?  Gandhi's Handlungen were bezeichnet as what? 
What is a form of illegale Boykott?  Why does Brownlee think a negative effect of these forms of zivilen Ungehorsam might have? 
Who believes an Gültigkeit des Gesellschaftsvertrags?  Why doesn't a zivilen Ungehorsam usually obey Bestrafung? 
Why does the Staatsanwaltschaft Menschen, die zivilen Ungehorsam üben, a Verständigung vor?  Why do some Aktivisten, Solidaritätstaktiken anzuwenden? 
What is the process of Errichtung a Gebäudes or einer Infrastruktur?  What percentage of Bruttoinlandsprodukts der Industrieländer are produced by the Baugewerbe? 
What is the Fachmagazin for the Baubranche?  When did the ENR gather data for neun Branchensegmente? 
What does the Standard Industrial Classification and the newer Industry Classification System have?  What are the three sections of the Classifizierungssystem for Unternehmen, die Bauarbeiten ausführen or anderweitig mit befasst? 
What is the modern Designtrend going in Richtung?  What did Architekten, Innenarchitekten, Ingenieure, Bauleiter and Generalauftragnehmer mit größerer Wahrscheinlichkeit völlig getrennte in the Vergangenheit? 
What does the question generate?  What goes on the Wunsch, Dinge, that are unbestreitbar schlecht to verhindern - such as Brückenzusammenbrüche or Explosionen? 
What do Ergänzungsschulen have the freedom to do?  What are berufsbildende schulen? 
In Indien, what are unabhängige Schulen genannt in Indien?  What does a Privatschule have a financial assistance from? 
What are some of the ältesten schools in South Africa?  When were missionaren created in South Africian schools? 
Why did Eltern an weißen staatlichen Schulen umzusteigen?  Why was the Rechtsform Model C abschafft? 
When was Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka formed?  What was the abbreviation for the establishment of segregation academies in Mississippi? 
How many Fakultäten does Harvard have?  Where is the Hauptcampus of Harvard Yard located? 
Where is the John W. Weeks Bridge?  How large is the campus of the Harvard Business School? 
Where did studentische Aktivisten create a symbolische "Barackenstadt"?  Who was Duke Kent-Brown?  What did the Harvard Management Company refuse to desinveste? 
What foundation characterizes the Zulassung of Bachelorstudium in Harvard?  When did the Harvard College begin its program to vorzeitige Zulassungen? 
Who is UN-Generalsekretär?  Who is the US-Botschafter in the European Union? 
What is the bevölkerungsreichste city in US-Bundesstaat Florida?  When did Jacksonville become the Kreisstadt of Duval County? 
Where does Jacksonville located?  What river is located in between Jacksonville Beaches and Georgia  Where is the Flussufer of St. Johns River located  How far away from Miami is the Grenze to the Bundesstaat Georgia? 
When did Jean Ribault kartografize the St. Johns River?  What was the name of the französische hugenottische Entdecker that kartografiated the St, Johns River.  When was the europäische Siedlung Fort Caroline created? 
What causes a negative Ausbreitung in Jacksonville?  Why did Schnellstraßen increase their income in florida  What was the percentage of bevölkerungsreichten ethnischen Gruppe of Jacksonville in 1970? 
How many times has Jacksonville been stricken by Wirbelstürme?  When was the largest Hurrikan in florida damaged by Hurrikan Dora? 
Who revealed that global Ungleichheit innerhalb von Staaten Wachstum verhindern?  When did Joseph Stiglitz reveal that sowohl global ungleichheit as auch Ungleichheid innerhalb of States Wachstum limitieren? 
When did Galor and Zeira claim that Ungleichheit in der Anwesenheit von Kreditmarktimperfektionen langanhaltende verheerende Auswirkungen on the Herausbildung von Humankapital and the wirtschaftliche Entwicklung hat?  When was a Studie von Perotti released? 
Who believed that Ungleichheit zunächst ansteigt and then abnimmt?  What did Thomas Piketty believe was responsible for the Anstieg der wirtschaftlichen Ungleichheid in den Industriestaaten? 
When did Theorien believe that Ungleichheit einen positiven Einfluss on the wirtschaftliche Entwicklung have?  According to a Review in 1955, which country had a higher Einkommensungleichheit? 
What is a negative effect of Wirtschaftswachstum on Armutsminderung?  Which Generalsekretär says "Wirtschaftliches Wachstum ist notwendig, reicht aber nicht aus, um bei der Reduzierung von Armut Fortschritte zu machen?" 
How often does the Doktor travel?  What do seine Begleiter normally do? 
What is Susan Foreman's nickname?  When was the 'Thom of the Cybermen' released? 
When was the Neuauflage of the Doktors released?  Who is the Hauptcharakter of the zehnte series? 
What was Dudley Simpson's first Doctor Who-Partitur?  When was Planet of Giants released? 
Who played the Doctor in the Seven Keys to Doomsday?  When was the Curse of the Daleks released? 
Who designed the Masterplans?  How many Gevierten are in the Main Quadrangles? 
Who began a Masterplan to entwerfen in 1955?  When was the Laird Bell Law Quadrangle entworpen? 
What is the name of the stationäres Behandlungsprogramm for Personen mit Verhaltensauffälligkeiten and seelischen Problemen?  Where is the Hyde Park Day School located? 
Who is Microsoft's CEO?  Who is the third reichste Mann in America? 
Who is an angesehen Gewinner of Alfred-Nobel-Gedächtnispreises for Wirtschaftswissenschaften?  Who is a very critical Berater of the US-President Ronald Reagan? 
When did Kublai die?  When was Kublai's second Invasion Japans failed? 
When did Kaiser Gegen Khan reign?  What was the name of the riesige Sammlung an Kodizes and Regulations of Yuan-Dynastie? 
Who developed the Yuan-Bürokratie?  Where was the zentrale Regierungsverwaltung established? 
Who gründed the Amt for westliche Medizin?  When did Jesus der Dolmetscher gründe the Amt? 
Who schrieb that the Verwendung des Begriffs "soziale Klassen" irreführend is?  Who believed that the position der Personen innerhalb der Klassen was keine Garantie ihrer Stellung? 
What does CPI stand for?  Where does Kenia rank among 176 Ländern in CPI? 
When did Kibaki and Odinga sign a Vereinbarung?  Who was Kenia's second Premier Minister? 
When did Barack Obama visit Kenia?  Which US Präsident visited Kenia in 2013? 
What percentage of Kenia's Mädchen in der Prostitution occupation does UNICEF estimate?  Where are the most Prostituierten in Kenia? 
Cricket, Rallyesport, Fußball, Rugbyverband, Boxen, and Boxen are examples of what?  Kenia is known for seine Vorherrschaft im Mittelstrecken- und Langstreckenlauf, especially for which famous sport? 
Who is the current Vorsitzende of the IPCC?  When was Hoesung Lee's new IPCC-Vorstand chosen? 
What does the Kurzfassung der Zusammenfassung for politische Entscheidungsträger der Arbeitsgruppe 1 indicate?  What percentage of Treibhauseffekts does CO2 responsible for? 
What did the IPCC feel was unrichtig in the abschließend Zusammenfassung?  Which ICSI-Bericht falsch zited the Timeangabe 2035? 
What was the name of the Diagramm created by Michael E. Mann, Raymond S. Bradley and Malcom K. Hughes created?  When was the Medieval Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction developed? 
What was the IPCC-Vorgang over the Klimawandel verglichen with?  What was successful in the Falle of Ozonabbaus? 
How long did it take for Cyanobacteria to become an interner Parasit?  Where did Cyanobakterium entweder become a Nahrung? 
What does "Plastid" mean in English?  How many Chloroplasten-Entwicklungslinien are there? 
What does ctDNA stand for?  When was Chloroplasten's existence bewiesen? 
What is der Grund dafür dass wir wissen, dass in many Chromalveolata-Entwicklungslinien Chloroplasten verloren gingen?  What does endosymbiotischer Gentransfer stand for? 
What is a verbreitete Irrglaube over?  What does the Tatsache, dass Chloroplasten von einer Doppelmembran umgeben? 
What is a natürliche Zahl größer as 1, die keine positiven Teiler außer 1 and sich selbst hat?  What does 1 and 5 belong to? 
What is another term for Primzahleigenschaft?  What is the algorithm used to determine ob n a certain ganzen Zahl between 2 and 2? 
What does a dritte Gruppe of Vermutungen betriff?  What is a Verschärfung von Polignacs Vermutung? 
What is so wichtig, dass es in verschiedenen Bereichen der Mathematik verallgemeinert?  In a passenden Kontext, "Prim" Minimalität or Unzerlegbarkeit.  What is the smallste Unterkörper eines Körpers F, der sowohl 0 and 1 enthält? 
What is another term for unendliche Primzahl bezeichnet?  What does the Ausfüllung in Bezug on the absoluten Wert indicate? 
Where does the Mittelrhein fliegt?  What is the Formation of Mittelrhein between Bingen and Bonn called  When was the Rheinschlucht UNESCO-Weltkulturerbe? 
What is the wichtigste Naturregion der Niederlande?  Where does the Rhein-Maas-Delta begin? 
When did the letzte Eiszeitphase erstrecken?  How many sehr kalte Phasen in Nordwesteuropa were there? 
When did Nordwesteuropa begin to erwärmen?  Where did a large portion of the abflusses go? 
When did the Rheinland fall under the Vertrag von Versailles?  When would the Allierten be able to be established? 
When was the Scotland Act 1978 passed?  When did the Referendum zur Dezentralization Schottlands scheiterte? 
Where does the Großteil der Arbeit der schottischen Parlaments generate question?  Where do the Ausschüsse usually gather Zeugen? 
What is a further Art of Komitee in der Regel?  What does private Rechnungen usually apply to? 
What are Themen, die außerhalb of legislative Zuständigkeit des schottischen Parlaments located in?  Where do ministerfunktionen normally liegen? 
When was the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 enacted?  When were the qualifications for the Members of the schottischen Parlaments established? 
What is the umstrittenes Konzept of Islam?  Who believes that their Ansichten lediglich den Islam widerspiegeln? 
What does Islamistische Bewegungen like the Muslimbrüder promote?  Where does the Engagement for soziale Gerechtigkeit at Rhetorik beschränkt? 
Who was the Londoner Niederlassung of All India Muslim League?  When did Iqbal leave Lahore? 
Who was the leader of Sudan's islamistisches Regime?  When did General Gaafar al-Nimeiry join the Nationale Islamische Front? 
What was 'Der Islamische Staat' formerly known as?  When did 'The Islamische State' become Kalifat'? 
Who supported the Imperialism?  Who believed that Expansion notwendig for the Überleben eines Staates sei? 
Who theoretised the Orientalism?  What does the imaginäre Geografie basiert on? 
When does Kulturimperialism liegt vor?  What does Populärkultur verändert their own Lebenserwartungen and weckt ihren Wunsch? 
When was J. A. Hobson born?  When did Thorstein Veblen die? 
When did Frankreich overtake the Kontrolle over Algerien?  What was the Hauptaugenmerk of Frankreich's newer imperium? 
When did the Evangelisch-methodistische Kirche (EmK) arise?  Where did a kleine group of students gather at Oxford University? 
What is the Task Force of evangelischen Methodisten for Abtreibung and Sexualität called?  When did the Generalkonferenz of 2012 take place? 
Who was John Wesley's famous Predigt?  When did JohnWesley write his Predigt The Use of Money? 
Who lehnt the Wehrpflicht as unvereinbar with the Lehre der Bibel ab?  Who does the Evangelisch-methodistische Kirche unterstütz and erweitert ihren Dienst? 
Who ordinated the erste methodistische Klerus?  When was John Wesley ordinated? 
What is the entire international conflict called in Europa?  When was the offizielle Kriegserklärung? 
How many people lived in the Ostküste des Kontinents?  When was Neuschottland eroberted? 
When did Dinwiddie send a Kompanie von 40 Männern to Washington?  Who entsandt französische Streitkräfte under Claude-Pierre Pecaudy de Contrecœur? 
Where did Dinwiddie return to?  Where was Washington when Trients Rückzug arrived? 
Who ersetzte Lord Loudoun in Jan 1756?  Who was the Stellvertreter of Lord Loudon? 
How many Elemente does the irdische Sphäre contain?  Where do bewegungslose Objekte hauptsächlich bestehen? 
Who vereined the Kraft, the for Objekte verantwortlich?  Who created the universellen Theorie der Gravitation? 
What is the Theorie, die the Schwerkraft am besten explaint?  In der Art, what does the Gravitation beobachten? 
What describes a Regel der Vektorvervielfachung namens Lorentzkraft?  What does the Verbindung between Elektrizität and Magnetismus allow? 
What generates question: wo is the relevante Querschnittsfläche for Volumen, for the Spannungstensor berechnet?  What beinhaltet Druckkräfte, die mit Kräften verbunden sind, die normally wirken? 