How many points did the Panthers defense surrender? How many career sacks did Jared Allen have? How many tackles did Luke Kuechly register? How many balls did Josh Norman intercept? Who registered the most sacks on the team this season? How many interceptions are the Panthers defense credited with in 2015? Who led the Panthers in sacks? How many Panthers defense players were selected for the Pro Bowl? How many forced fumbles did Thomas Davis have? Which player had the most interceptions for the season? How many 2015 season interceptions did the Panthers' defense get? Who had five sacks in nine games as a Carolina Panthers starter? Who was the Panthers' tackle leader for 2015? How many interceptions did Josh Norman score touchdowns with in 2015?
Who lost to the Broncos in the divisional round? How many points did the Broncos score in the last three minutes of the game versus Pittsburgh? Who won Super Bowl XLIX? What was the final score of the AFC Championship Game? How much time remained on the clock when the Broncos made the interception that clinched the AFC Championship Game? What team was the divisional round winner between the Broncos and Steelers? What was the final score of the game between the Broncos and Steelers? Who won Super Bowl XLIX? How many seconds were left in the game when the Broncos intercepted the pass that won the game? During the Bronco's playoff games, who did not throw at all? Who did the Broncos beat in the divisional game? How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the Pittsburgh game? Who did the Broncos defeat in the AFC Championship game? Who did the Broncos beat to win their division in 2015? Who did the Broncos beat tp become the AFC champions? How many seconds were left in the game when the Patriots failed their 2-point conversion?
How old was Peyton Manning when he played in Super Bowl 50? Who previously held the record for being the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl? How old was John Elway when he played in Super Bowl XXXIII? What role does John Elway currently have in the Broncos franchise? Who did John Elway play for in Super Bowl XXXIII? What team was the winner of Super Bowl XXXIII? Who is the General Manager for the Broncos? How old was Elway during his Super Bowl XXXIII win? Who has the record of being the oldest quarter back in any Super Bowl game? How many teams has Manning played for that reached the Super Bowl, while he was on their team? Peyton Manning took how many different teams to the Super Bowl? Who is the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl? Prior to Manning, who was the oldest quarterback to play in a Super Bowl? Which Super Bowl did Elway win at 38 years old? Who was the first quarterback to take two teams to more than one Super Bowl? How old was Manning when he played Super Bowl 50? What is the name of the quarterback who was 38 in Super Bowl XXXIII?
How many Grammys has Lady Gaga won? What did Lady Gaga sing? What award has Marlee Matlin won? What did Marlee Matlin translate? Into what language did Marlee Matlin translate the national anthem? Who sang the national anthem? What actress did the ASL translation for the game? Who did the National Anthem at Super Bowl 50? What actor did sign language for the National Anthem at Superbowl 50? Who did the Super Bowl 50 National Anthem? How many Grammy Award's does the text say Lady Gaga has won? Who did the sign language of the National Anthem at Super Bowl 50?
On what yard line did Carolina begin with 4:51 left in the game? Who fumbled the ball on 3rd-and-9? What Panther defender was called for holding on third down? What player punched the ball in from the 2? Who was the receiver on the successful 2-point conversion? Who stripped the ball from Newton on a 3rd and nine? Who recovered the strip ball? Which player was criticized for not jumping into the pile to recover the ball? Which Panthers player got a penalty, which gave the Broncos a new set of downs? How much time was left in the game when Denver took the score to 24-10? What was the time on the clock when Carolina got the ball to their 24-yard line in the fourth quarter? What was the last name of the player who took the ball away from Newton late in the fourth quarter? What is the last name of the player who finally recovered the ball Newton lost in the fourth quarter? How many plays was Denver kept out of the end zone after getting the ball from Newton? What is the last name of the player who scored a 2-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter?
What is the Saxon Garden in Polish? Where was the Summer Theatre located? How long was the Summer Theatre in operation? What was Warsaw's first literary cabaret? What theatre was the best example of "Polish monumental theatre"?
Who won the Ekstraklasa Championship in 2000? When did Polonia Warsaw win the country's championship prior to 2000? How many times has Polonia won the cup? Where is Polonia's home venue located? Why was Polonia relegated from the country's top flight in 2013?
What type of city has Warsaw been for as long as it's been a city? What was Warsaw's population in 1901? Of Warsaw's inhabitants in 1901, what percentage was Catholic? What percentage of Warsaw's population was Protestant in 1901? When were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in Warsaw?
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland? What is the second level of territorial division in Poland? In what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type?
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established? What brought Warsaw's stock exchange to a stop? When was Warsaw's stock exchange brought back to life? How many companies were listed on the WSE on August 2009? Whose former headquarters was the WSE located in until 2000?
Who upon arriving gave the original viking settlers a common identity?
What was the name of the leader ennobled by Henry III Who was Count of Melfi
Who was the Normans' main enemy in Italy, the Byzantine Empire and Armenia?
What was the name of the Norman castle? Who was the leader when the Franks entered the Euphrates valley? Who did the Normans team up with in Anatolia?
What continent are the Canarian Islands off the coast of?
What year did Tesla die? What was named "The Tesla" in his honor? Where did Tesla live for much of his life? What was Tesla's reputation in popular culture? How did Tesla finance his work? What year did Tesla die? What did the General Conference on Weights and Measures name after Tesla in 1960? When did people once again start to show an interest in Tesla? Other than his scientific achievements what was Tesla famous for?
Who did Tesla partner with in 1886? What did lane and vail finance? What did Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing do? What did Tesla first receive after starting his company? What was produced at tesla's company? What were the names of Tesla's new partners? When did the partnership between Tesla, Lane and Vail form? What was the name of the company the businessmen financed? What did Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing do? Who designed the illumination systems that Tesla Electric Light & Manufacturing installed?
When did Tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent? Who first sent radio waves across the Atlantic? When was Marconi's radio demonstration? When were Tesla's patents restored? A decision made by what entity restored Tesla's patents?
How many possible bids for the prize were there in 1915? Who received a bid in 1915? In what year did Tesla receive a Nobel Prize bid?
What article was published in 1937? Because of certain statements what was the believed state of his religious views? In the article's title, what did the machine hope to end?
What branch of theoretical computer science deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship? By what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory? What is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer?
In a computational problem, what can be described as a string over an alphabet? What is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance? What is another term for the string of a problem instance? In the encoding of mathematical objects, what is the way in which integers are commonly expressed? What is one way in which graphs can be encoded?
How can function problems typically be restated? If two integers are multiplied and output a value, what is this expression set called?
The time required to output an answer on a deterministic Turing machine is expressed as what? Complexity theory classifies problems based on what primary attribute? What is the expression used to identify any given series of problems capable of being solved within time on a deterministic Turing machine? What is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a Turing machine's ability to solve any given set of problems?
What is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes? What is an expression that can be used to illustrate the suspected inequality of complexity classes? Where can the complexity classes RP, BPP, PP, BQP, MA, and PH be located? What evidence between and among complexity classes would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory?
How common was the form of corporal punishment in the past? Where is corporal punishment no longer practiced? What Western country is corporal punishment still allowed? What U.S. entity said that corporal punishment was Constitutional? What does corporal punishment cause a student?
What group can teachers in Wales register with? What is happening to the average age of teachers in Wales? When were attacks on teachers the highest? What is the NASUWT? What are the attacks on teachers causing?
In the US, who decides on the requirements for teachers? What is the longest time that a teaching certificate is good for? What must a public school teacher have, at a minimum? Who may not require that its teachers be certified? What may a Charter school require that their teachers meet the standards to be highly qualified by?
What is the name of the spiritual teacher in Hinduism? Is the focus on spiritual mentorship in Hinduism high or low? Who do gurus control? In what area is it common for spiritual mentorship to be extremely high?
What is the name of a teacher in Tibetan Buddhism? What has a Lama determined to do? What is the name of a Bodhisattva vow? How much has a Lama agreed to be reborn? What helped the Lama determine to be reborn?
When did Luther's writings to spread to France, England and Italy? Who went to Wittenberg to hear Luther speak? What part of Luther's career was one of his most productive? When were some of Luther's best-known works published? Besides publishing To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation and On the Babylonian Captivity of the Church, what other work did Luther produce in 1520?
When did Luther broaden his attacks to include core Church doctrines? How did Luther describe the mass that was viewed as sacrifice? What did Luther call the mass instead of sacrifice? After rejecting compulsory confession, what did Luther call for? What did Luther tell monks and nuns about their vows?
At the time of Martin Luther what was in demand? What work of Luther's became popular? What did the popularity of Luther's translation contribute to? What artist provided the woodcuts for Luther's Bible? Whose English translation of the Bible did the Luther Bible influence?
What caused Luther to write hymns? Why were Johann Esch and Heinrich Voes executed by the Catholic Church? What hymn did Luther write after the martyrdom of Esch and Voes? Who is the English translator of this hymn? What is the hymn known as in English?
What was later discovered written by Luther? In what language was most of the statement written? What portion of Luther's last statement was in German?
Where does southern California's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide? Although southern california consts of a heavily developed urban environment, how much of it has been left undeveloped? Southern Californian communities are well known to be large, spread - out, and what other characteristic? Outside of its use of automobiles, what else is southern California famous for using? What kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern California?
What is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern California? How many extended metropolitan areas are there? Each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population that exceeds what number? What does the El Centro metropolitan area and San Diego-Carslbad-San Marcos metropolitan area form? What is the population of the Greater Los Angeles Area?
What is the second busiest airport in the United States? What is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are? What ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume is the Los Angeles International Airport? Which airport is home to the busiest single runway in the world? What is the world's busiest general aviation airport?
The Los Angeles Rams are an example of what kind of sports team? The Los Angeles Clippers are a team belonging to which sport? The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are from which sport? What is the other NHL team aside from the Anaheim Ducks to reside in Southern California? What is the lone MLS team that belongs to southern California?
Which team was suspended from the MLS? How many teams did Los Angeles used to have? Which year resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams? What was the name of the stadium that the teams played in? When is the suspended team scheduled to return?
What are BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts compliant with? Sky Movies and Sky Box office also include what optional soundtracks? What is Sky+ HD material broadcast using? What is the proprietary system that Sky+HD uses? What does most of the HD material use as a standard?
When was Sky Digital launched? What satellite was used when Sky digital was launched? What satellite enabled Sky Digital to launch an all new digital service? How many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry? What is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the United Kingdom?
When did BSkyB announce it's intention to replace it's free-to-air digital channels? When did Setanta Sports say it would launch as a subscription service? What platform was Sentanta Sports planning on launching on? What were NTL's services rebranded as? What does BSkyB's sport portfolio include?
What did Alec Shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on? What could the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program purchase? what did the UK parliment hear that a subscription to BSkyB was? What was the UK governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012? What did the benefits agency think sports channels on a TV bill meant?
What were the annual carriage fees for the channels? Does the new deal include Video on demand and High Definition? What company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with BSkyB? What company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with Virgin Media? What were high court proceedings being held about?
What political party is strongest in Melbourne's working class suburbs? What party is strongest in Melbourne's affluent areas? Which party is strongest in Victoria's northwestern and eastern regions? What party rules in Melbourne's inner regions? What party is favored in Bedigo and Geelong?
When did Victoria enact its constitution? On what is Victoria's constitution based ? What group can amend the Victorian constitution? What are the exceptions in the constitution  that require special considerations to amend? What document formed the Parliament of Victoria?
What type of manufacturing plant is Victoria soon losing? When has Toyota said it will close its Victoria plant? When did Holden announce that it will close its Victoria plant? When will Ford's manufacturing plants close? What brand of car is manufactured in Broadmeadows?
What is the gauge of the Victorian rail lines? To what gauge have some lines been changed in the west of Victoria? What gauge of rail lines do two tourist lines use? Where were the narrow gauge rail lines built in Victoria? How many narrow gauge rail lines were previously government owned?
When was the colony of New South Wales founded? What was the name of the eastern half of the colony of 1788? What name was given to the western half of the colony? Where was the location of the colonial government that administered the new colony?
What proclamation abolished protestantism in France? When was this edict declared? Which French kind issued this declaration? How many Huguenots fled France by the 1700s?
In what English colony were Huguenot settlers promised land? In what area of this British colony were Huguenot land grants? What town was actually granted to the Huguenots on arrival? How many settlers original settled in Manakintown? When were these settlers naturalized as English colonists?
Who was one French pro-reform Roman Catholic of the 15th century? Where did this pro-reform leader teach? When did this leader publish a French language Bible? What leader of the Swiss reformation was a student of Lefevre? What other European Protestant leader was educated at the University of Paris?
How did Huguenots evolve their religious beliefs in the New World? How were Huguenot settlers assimilated into North American society at large? Who was one prominent Huguenot-descended arms manufacturer? For how long did Huguenots continue to use French names? What was the name of du Pont's gunpowder operation?
What German ruler invited Huguenot immigration? What German poet was descended from Huguenots? What German general and fighter pilot was of Huguenot ancestry? Who was the final Prime Minister of East Germany? Thomas de Maiziere serves what role in the German cabinet?
What is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine? Aside from firebox, what is another name for the space in which combustible material is burned in the engine? Along with nuclear, geothermal and internal combustion engine waste heat, what sort of energy might supply the heat for a steam engine? What type of heating element is often used in toy steam engines?
What instrument is used to examine steam engine performance? What year saw the earliest recorded use of the steam engine indicator? What company developed the most successful steam engine indicator? Who developed a successful steam engine indicator for Charles Porter? Where was the Charles Porter steam engine indicator shown?
What limits the Rankine cycle's efficiency? What is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine, in degrees Celsius? What is  565 °C the creep limit of? What is a turbine's theoretical Carnot efficiency? What is the approximate condenser temperature in a turbine?
What modern company has been notably working on a steam engine using modern materials? Where is Energiprojekt AB based? How many cylinders does the Energiprojekt AB engine have? How many pounds of steam per kilowatt hour does the Energiprojekt AB engine use? What percentage of a high pressure engine's efficiency has the Energiprojekt AB engine achieved?
What is another term for rotors? In a steam turbine, what are rotors mounted on? What is another way of referring to stators? What are stators attached to? In the United States, what is a usual turbine speed with 60 Hertz of power?
When did Carl Wilhelm Scheele discover oxygen? In what year did Joseph Priestley recognize oxygen? What gave Priestley the claim to being the first discovered of oxygen? What researcher first used the word oxygen ? What previous work did Lavoisier experiments discredit?
What chemist managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study? In what year did Dewar experiment on liquid oxygen? When was liquid oxygen developed for commercial use? What welding process was demonstrated in 1901?
What group of scientists seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals? About what weather feature do paleoclimatologists want information ? How much heavier is oxygen 18 than oxygen 16? What form of oxygen do marine animals acquire in greater amounts during cooler climatic conditions? During what type of climate is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels?
At what wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak? To monitor what event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information? From where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance? On what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation? What style of sensing do scientist like to use to measure global radiance?
What device is used to treat various conditions such as carbon monoxide poisoning? What does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient's lungs displace? To what pathogen that causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous? What occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly?
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel? Who was the world's second largest oil producer? How many times more did the other nations have to pay for oil after the surprise attack? Which oil producer is a close ally of the United States? Why did the Shah of Iran gave an interview?
What has a negative influence over the US economy? On an international level, which industry's competitive positions is affected? Which problem consists of both  inflationary and deflationary impacts? The oil crisis caused oil companies to increase oil supplies in which area? How long does it take for new areas to have significant oil production?
Who is the first administrator of the Federal Energy Office? When was he elected by Nixon? Why was this short termed organization created? According to the AAA, what is the percentage of the gas stations that ran out of gasoline?
What was the catalyst that created greater interest in renewable resources? There is criticism that the energy policies are expensive quick fixes that ignore which facts? Who backed policies that have solutions that sound good but have poor prospects?
When did Honda, Toyota and Nissan open US assembly plants? Name a larger car that Toyota came up with as buyers lamented the small sized compacts? Name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts. Name a luxury division of Toyota.
Who led the committee established by Seaman? When was this committee by Seaman established? Which NASA faction came around first to support the LOR? Who was hired to be the deputy director of the Office of Manned Space Flight? Which NASA location came around last to the idea of the LOR?
How many people were on the test flight of the AS-206? What were the astronauts wearing during the dual mission AS-278? What was originally on the spacesuits prior to the clear "fishbowl" helmet? What type of undergarment, if any, was included into the Apollo spacesuit? What did the LMP acronym stand for regarding the Block II launch positions?
Where did Apollo 1's crew conduct tests at Kennedy Space Center? Who was the main crew of Apollo 1, of which they named themselves? What was a plugs-out test done to simulate on the LC-34? What other location did Apollo 1 test at besides Kennedy Space Center?
What was the first problem astronauts encountered during the plugs-out test? When did the very first plugs-out test occur? What happened during the plugs-out test during the delay for the spacesuit odor? What happened to the crew onboard during the plugs-out test? What type of atmosphere helped fuel the fire throughout the cabin?
Who compiled the original surviving Apollo 11 landing data? Were the tapes able to be restored and processed without destroying historical legitimacy or did some aspects of the tapes lose legitimacy? What types of recordings at Johnson Space Center were used to help restore the original tapes? Which company was tasked with trying to restore the original tapes? Were the restored tapes able to have color added to them to enhance the picture or did they remain black and white?
How did the principle treaties that form the European Union begin? Which two treaties provided more formal institutions of the European Union? In what years did Spain and Portugal join the European Union? In 1972, did Norway end up joining the European Union? Which country in 1985 signed a treaty to give it special status? What caused the need for principal Treaties that ended up forming the EU? When year was the Maastrich Treaty signed? When was the Single European Act made? When did Denmark join the EU? When did Greenland sign a Treaty granting them special status?
Which two governing bodies have legislative veto power? What can't Parliament do that causes equality and democracy to be deficient? How often do Parliament elections take place? How much of a voting majority must there be to effectively censure the Commission? What two bodies must the Parliament go through first to pass legislation? Which entity has a monopoly on initiating legislation? Which entities have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process? When did the first direct elections take place? How often do Parliament elections take place? Which party is currently the largest among political party lines?
If there is a conflict between EU law and national law, which law take precedence? What was the reason the Italian Constitutional court gave that resulted in Mr. Costa losing his his claim against ENEL? What were the years two Regulations that conflicted with an Italian law originate in the Simmenthal SpA case? Which entities have had to develop principles dedicated to conflict resolution between laws of different systems? When did Costa v ENEL take place? Which court argued that the Treaty of Rome did not prevent energy nationalism?
How many original treaties establishing the EU protected fundamental rights? Which entities were originally concerned with preventing violation of human rights? When was the European Convention on Human Rights established? What other entity was established at the same time as the European Convention on Human Rights? When did the European Council task an entity with drafting a European Charter of Human Rights?
What lead to the UK to subscribe to the agreement on Social Policy? When did the UK formally subscribe to the Agreement on Social Policy? Which directive mentioned was created in 1994? When was the Parental Leave directive created? What did the Works Council Directive require?
Which name is also used to describe the Amazon rainforest in English? How many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin? How many nations control this region in total? How many nations contain "Amazonas" in their names? What percentage does the Amazon represents in rainforests on the planet? What is the Dutch word for the Amazon rainforest? What rainforest covers the majority of the Amazon basin in South America? In what country can most of the Amazon rainforest be found? The Amazon rainforest makes up what amount of Earth's rainforests? How many species of trees can be found in the Amazon rainforest? What kind of forest is the Amazon rainforest? How many square kilometers is the Amazon Basin? How many nations are within the Amazon Basin? Which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest? What is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest?
How many square kilometres of the Amazon forest was lost by 1991? In the year 2000 how many square kilometres of the Amazon forest had been lost? What is most of the cleared land in the Amazon region used for? Where is Brazil ranked globally in soybean production? What percentage of the land cleared in the Amazon is used for growing livestock?
Highways built in the Amazon rainforest were built primarily for what kind of farmers? What did creating highways in the Amazon rainforest lead to? The rate of clearing of forest from 2000 to 2005 was how many square miles per year? What happened to the rate of deforestation in the Amazon region of Brazil between 2004 and 2014? How much higher was the rate of deforestation in 2000, to 2005 compared to 1995 to 2000?
What are environmentalists concerned about losing in the Amazon forest? The loss of biodiversity may be the result of what, according to environmentalists? What are environmentalists concerned about having released from the Amazon region? What amount of the worlds carbon is stored in the Amazon forest? How many metric tons of carbon are believed to be stored in the Amazon forest?
In what year did the Amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005? How many square miles large was the region impacted by the 2010 drought? How many areas were impacted by the the death of vegetation in the 2010 drought? The southern part of the Amazon forest was mainly impacted by drought in what year? How many tons of carbon are absorbed the Amazon in a typical year?
How much can Ctenophores eat in one day? How many species of Ctenophores have been validated? How many species of Ctenophores have not been fully described or named? How many species of Ctenophora have been validated? What are the little tentacles that cydippids have called? How much food does a ctenophora eat in a day? What do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have? What does coastal beriods use as teeth? How much do ctenophore eat in a day? What are the small tentacles on Cydippids called? What do Beriods use as teeth? What do Cydippids use to capture their prey? How many different species of ctenohore are there?
When did the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction happen? Evidence indicates that Cydippids are not what? How old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ? What were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have? Fossils found that were believed to be ctenophores were how old? What event happened 66 million years ago? Cypiddids are not what? What do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have?
What are the hairs on ctenophores called? What are cilia used for? Comb like bands of cilia are called what? What does ctenophore mean in Greek?
Why are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils? Ediacaran eoandromeda can be regarded to represent what? What was the period called that was 505 million years ago? How many species were found in the Burgess Shale? What did the  fossils found in the Burgess Shale lack?
Recent studies believe  that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what? What do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is?
What is another name for the west side of Fresno? In which direction does the west side of Fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway? The west side of Fresno is the center of which ethnic community? What are the two principal Asian-American groups living in the west side neighborhood of Fresno? Which neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway?
Who is Kearney Boulevard named after? What kinds of trees is Kearney Boulevard lined with? Between which two streets along Kearney Boulevard were wealthy African-Americans at one time residing? What was the name given to a section of Kearney Boulevard in efforts to change the areas image? What area of Brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime?
How many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them? What was the percentage of a female householder with no husband present? How many same-sex married couples or partnerships were there? What was the average family size? What was the average household size?
What route connects Fresno with the California Central Valley? What is another name for State Route 168? What is another name for the Yosemite Freeway? State Route 180 comes from which direction via Mendota?
Which is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway? In what year was the Interstate Highway System created? Which State Route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards? What are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have SR 99 improved to be of interstate standards?
What does each packet includ in connectionless mode How are the packets routed What is included with each packet label What happens to the packet at the destination
WHen did ARPNET and SITA become operational 2 differences betwen X.25 and ARPNET CITA technologies WHat does UserDatagram Protocol gaurentee X.25 uses what type network type
What is  DECnet What did DECnet originally do DEC originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers What did DECnet phase 2 become
WHy was the Merit network formed in Michigan What completed the triad What set the stage for Merits role in NSFNET
what is Internet2 Who did internet2 partner with What was the first internet2 network named Who did internet2 partner with ableine was retired and the new platform is called
What was the black death originally blamed on? Who was the medical report written for? What is the newer, more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague? What is the bad air theory officially known as?
What are clades? What strains of y. pestis were found in the mass graves? What do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague? How and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter Europe? When did the y. pestis reach England?
What does Graham Twigg propose about the spread of disease? What was Norman Cantor's theory about the plague? Which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic? What is septicemia? How many bodies did Public Health England exhume?
How many people died of plague in Paris in 1466? The black plague ravaged Europe for three years followed by what country? Which outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war? When was the last plague outbreak? How many times did plague occur in Venice?
During which years was the plague present in Islamic countries? How many people were lost in Algiers during 1620-21? How long did plague last in the Ottoman empire? How many people, at most, have died of plague in Baghdad?
Why is the second timeline needed? Which timeline is further expanded in the fourth scale? What is the name of the latest epoch? The Pleistocene epoch takes place during which period?
Which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks? Whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon? The fact that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time causes the principle to become what? The presence or absence of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found? The principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution?
The analysis of stratigraphic sections such as drill cores is done by who? What type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface? What can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface? What tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions? Stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction?
Fielding H. Garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to where? Living from 973–1048 CE he was one of the earliest Persian geologists, what was his name? In China, this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition, what was his name? This person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains, what was his name? What prompted Shen Kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains?
Who is viewed as the first modern geologist? In 1785 James Hutton presented what paper to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? James Hutton published a 2 volume version of his theories in what year? What was the main idea of James Hutton's paper?
What was the first recorded settlement in what became Newcastle? What river was there originally a bridge across in Roman times? What was the estimated population of Pons Aelius around the 2nd century? Whose wall has fragments visible in places around Newcastle even today? What tribes were the Romans fearful would invade from the North?
What earlier market did the Grainger Market replace? When did Newcastle's first indoor market open? How many guests attended the dinner celebrating the opening of the Grainger Market? How is the opening of the Grainger Market documented in the Laing Art Gallery? Who listed the Grainger Market architecture as grade 1 in 1954?
What genre of music is Lindisfarne classified as? What year was the song Fog on the Tyne released? What band is considered by many to be the first black metal group? What band is often regarded as the first folk metal group? What group is Newcastle native Andy Taylor the former lead guitarist of?
What underground railways cover much of Tyne and Wear? How many phases was the Metro opened in between 1980 and 1984? What type of tunnels are constructed through Newcastle's city center? What did Queen Elizabeth II open in Newcastle in 1981? How many passengers a year does the rail network in Newcastle carry?
How many universities does Newcastle have? Which university has its origins in a school dealing with medicine and surgery? What did Newcastle University win in 2000? What happened in 1992 in a UK-wide process? What university won the award for Most IT enabled organisation?
The V&A has its origins in which world exposition? Who was the V&A's first director? What was the museum originally called? Where was the V&A transferred to from its original location at Marlborough House? Which German architect was asked to produce a design for the museum?
Approximately how many works of art are included in the Far Eastern collections? Which countries are represented in the Far Eastern collections? What is the name of the gallery devoted to Chinese art? In which year did the gallery devoted to Chinese art open? Most of the Chinese works of art in the Far Eastern collections date from which two dynasties?
Approximately how many items are in the costume collection of the V&A? Which department houses the works on paper of the costume collection? Why is the collection dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions? In which year did the V&A received the Talbot Hughes collection? The Talbot Hughes collection was a gift from which company?
Approximately how many names were signed on an online petition on the Parliamentary website in response to the closing of the Musical Instruments gallery? Which Member of Parliament explained how the museum would preserve the collection and keep it available to the public? Which museum would receive items on loans from the Musical Instruments gallery? Approximately how many musical instruments were loaned to the Horniman Museum? In which year was the Musical Instruments gallery closed?
In which year did John Sheepshanks donated a large collection of paintings? How many paintings did John Sheeshanks give to the museum? What was the goal of John Sheepshanks considerable bequest to the museum? An 1821 full size oil sketch of which famous British painting was donated by John Sheepshank's daughter in 1888? The paintings donated by John Sheepshanks were by artists of which nationality?
In 2000, ABC started an internet based campaign focused on what? Who was hired to produce ABC's 2001-02 identity? What colors was the 2001 ABC logo? What is the nickname for ABC's logo from the 2000 campaign?
Who designed ABC's 1998 new graphic design? In what year did ABC stop using it's four-note jingle for promotion? What image campaign was the new four-note jingle for ABC based around? Where is the ABC four-note jingle still in use?
Who was appointed to be ABC's president by Noble in 1950? Goldenson proposed a merger between UPT and what network in October 1954? Under Goldenson's merger plan, what would the new entity be named? How much money was to go to DuMont Television Network under Goldenson's merger plan?
In what decade did ABC finish transitioning to color? The 1970s allowed which network to move in to first place in the ratings? What kind of data did ABC begin using in the 1970s to better target ads and programming for certain audiences?
What percentage of prime-time TV viewership did the three big networks represent in 1980? What drama from Aaron Spelling debuted on ABC in the 80s? What was a Happy Days spinoff that debuted in the 1980s on ABC? What channel did ABC launch in 1981 that focused on cultural and arts programming?
What was the tribe of the woman Temüjin married when he was around 16 years old? Who kidnapped Temüjin's first wife soon after they were married? Who helped Temüjin rescue his wife from the Merkits? What was the name of Temüjin's wife Börte's first son? What year did Börte's give birth to Jochi?
Who did Jamukha support that were not part of Temüjin's power base? Which shaman's proclamation aided Temüjin's rise? When was Temüjin elected khan of the Mongols? Which battle did Temüjin lose to Jamukha shortly after his election as khan? Where was Temüjin's patron Toghrul exiled?
What is the Mongolian name for the original place of the Genghis Khan mausoleum? Which Buddhist monastery hosted the Genghis Khan mausoleum during the Japanese occupation? Where did the Chinese Nationalists move the mausoleum away from advancing Chinese Communist forces? When was the mausoleum returned to the Lord's Enclosure in Mongolia? Who destroyed the most valuable relics in the mausoleum during the Cultural Revolution?
What sea bordered Genghis Khan's empire to the east when he died? What body of water sat to the west of the Mongol Empire when Genghis Khan died? Who led the most rapid expansion of the Mongol Empire? What year was the conflict with the Song dynasty concluded?
Which descendant of Genghis Khan sacked Baghdad? Who halted the advance of Hulagu Khan across the Middle East? Which of Genghis Khan's descendants pushed the Mamluks out of Palestine? In which year did Genghis Khan's grandson invade Kievan Rus'? Which major cities in Eastern Europe were not destroyed by the Mongol invasion?
Who oversees a Pharmacy Technician in the UK? With what body must a pharmacy technician register? What is a main duty of the GPhC? What type of professional is a Pharmacy Technician considered to be? What types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have?
Developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval Islam? Who was influential in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines? Who authored the Liber servitoris? Who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water? Which two compounds did Al-Muwaffaq differentiate between?
What is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries? What responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to? What do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more? What are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with? What does pharmacy legislation mandate?
What is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with? Where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work? What are some large pharmacy management companies? What is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients? What do some community pharmacies do?
How are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions? Who do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public? What body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions? What is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own? What are pharmacists forbidden to do?
What can result from disorders of the immune system? When does immunodeficiency occur? What does immunodeficiency cause? Name one of the causes of immunodeficiency. Name a common autoimmune disease. What happens when the immune system less active than normal? What is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues? What field involves the study of the immune system? What acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans?
What are the most powerful class of anti-inflammatory drugs? Low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of drugs? What are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs? What is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents T cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways?
What are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods? What are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours? Inflammation occurs during sleep times because of the presence of what molecule? Melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the production of what?
What molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates? What are two examples of primitive jawless vertebrates? Primitive jawless vertebrates possess an array of receptors referred to as what? Evolution of what part of the immune system occurred in the evolutionary ancestor of jawed vertebrates?
What is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called? What is an example of a virus that uses antigenic variation? What is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction? What compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection?
After the Peterloo massacre what poet wrote The Massacre of Anarchy? His poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest? Inspired by Shelley what was the name of Gandhi's doctrine? Gandhi often referenced Shelley's poem in his efforts to do what? What famous author used similarity and likeness of Percy Shelly in his writing? Who wrote the poem The Mark of Anarchy? The Mark of Anarchy was written to protest against what? What was the principle shown in The Mark of Anarchy? What was Ghandi's work called? Which famous Indian practiced civil disobedience?
What is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system? What group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the Austrian government? The Hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person? Revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who? What other topics can Civil disobedience pertain to? What is a simple form of civil disobedience? Why would a person chose civil disobedience against specific laws? What is the goal of individual civil disobedience? What type of civil disobedience is larger scale? What famous Indian's actions were considered civil disobedience?
Boycotting, refusing to pay taxes, sit ins, and draft dodging all make what harder? Name one way the Plowshares organization temporarily close GCSB Waihopai? Name the other way that the Plowshares organization temporarily closed? Brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard? When large groups of people all boycott a system or don't pay taxes it can be considered? What is a type of disobedience against the federal government? What side effect of these type of protests is unfortunate? What goal do many of these protests have? How can you protest against big companies in a non violent way?
What do some civil disobedient people feel the need to acknowledge. Why is the need for acceptance of punishment needed? What do some people protest against? What is the group called that does not agree with government at all? Anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason?
What type of punishment is sometimes offered to civil disobedients? What is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain? When many people are arrested, what is a common tactic negotiating? What type of plea is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience? Which famous Indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts?
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure? What typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser? What percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of? What three things are needed for construction to take place? Construction takes place on location for who?
What is Engineering News-Record? What compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies? In what year did ENR compile data in nine market segments? ENR used data on what to rank Top 400 firms as heavy contractors?
What are the three construction subsectors? There are other categories for what? What has a classification system for construction companies? What are construction managers?
The modern trend in design is toward integration of what? Even in large firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be what? In modern times, firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project? What kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction, while adhering to the performance specifications?
What must a project adhere to? Constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom? What is malum in se considerations? What are malum prohibitum considerations? Who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built?
What are private secondary schools in Germany called? What types of schools are most ergänzungsschulen? How are ergänzungsschulen funded? Along with private individuals and organizations, what groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen?
What is the term for an Indian private school? Along with the CISCE and NENBSE, what is a notable Examination Board in multiple Indian states? How many Examination Boards exist in India? What body in India provides policy directions to schools?
What South African law recognized two types of schools? In what year was the South African Schools Act passed? Along with public schools, what type of school was recognized under the South African Schools Act? In South Africa, along with privately governed schools, what schools are classified as independent? In what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in South Africa?
After apartheid, what types of schools are referred to as "Model C" schools? How do academic results in former Model C schools compare to other schools? How do the fees at former Model C schools compare to those at other schools?
What court case desegregated schools in the United States? What is a derogatory term for the Christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation? In what part of the United States did many students migrate to Christian academies during the desegregation period? What was the primary race of students attending Christian academies after the Brown decision? School desegregation in the United States led to an increased number of students of what ethnicity in public schools?
What is the major US city that the is the university located? What is the size of the school's endowment? What river is located in the vicinity of the school? How many academic units make up the school? What is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in Cambridge?
Where is Harvard stadium located? What is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the Charles River? Where are the Harvard medical, Dental and school of Public Health located?
When was the divestment from South Africa movement? What South African Vice Consul did Harvard students blockade the speech of? By how much did Harvard management reduce its South Africa holdings in response to pressure?
What is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019? In what year did Harvard end its early admission program? Why did Harvard end its early admission program? In what year was an early admission program reintroduced?
What UN secretary went to Harvard? What Columbia President went to Harvard? Who is the Costa Rican President that went to Harvard? What Harvard Alumni was the Palestine Prime Minister?
Which Florida city has the biggest population? What was the population Jacksonville city as of 2010? Based on population alone, what is Jacksonville's ranking in the United States? In which county does Jacksonville reside? What year did consolidation cause Jacksonville to become part of Duval County?
What river runs alongside Jacksonville? How far is Jacksonville from Miami? What is the name of the French colony established in 1564? Prior to the arrival of the French, the area now known as Jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people? What historical figure was Jacksonville named after?
Who mapped the St. Johns River in 1562? For what nation did Ribault initially claim what is now Jacksonville? Who led the attack of the French colony in 1565? What was Fort Caroline renamed to after the Spanish attack? Which fort was rebuilt in 1964?
What drove residents to quieter suburban housing? What was the white population of Jacksonville as of 2010? What term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs? Who was responsible for the new building projects in Jacksonville? Jacksonville began to suffer and decline after what major world event?
What storm had the most significant impact on Jacksonville? How fast were the winds around St. Augustine in the 1964 hurricane? What was the name of the storm that hit Jacksonville in May of 2012? What is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called? In what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to Jacksonville?
What did Stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality? How does inequality prevent growth? What are both Branko Milanovic and Joseph Stiglitz? What has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth? What has become the secret to economic growth?
When did Galor and Zeria show new information about inequality? Inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation? What did a 1996 study by Perotti examine? What is inequality associated with higher levels of? What do extremely unequal societies tend to be?
What have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming? The Kuznets curve says with economic development, inequality will decrease after what? Who challenges the notion of the Kuznets curve hypothesis? What's Thomas Piketty's job? What does Piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1945?
When were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development? According to a 1955 review, what were savings by the wealthy thought to offset? What does a 2013 report on Nigeria suggest it's growth has done? How long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth? What are longer growth spells associated with?
What needs to be made to ensure poorer members of society can participate in economic growth? What can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on? What does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve? What was Ban Ki-Moon the Secretary General of? What isn't economic growth sufficient for progress on?
How often does Doctor Who travel by himself? What enemy of Doctor Who is also a Time Lord? What does Doctor Who do when his body is mortally damaged? What type of beings does Doctor Who usually take with him on his travels? What type of Lord is Doctor Who?
What is the name of the first Doctor Who serial? What is the name of Doctor Who granddaughter? In what year did Doctor Who state that he was the last Time Lord? In 2005, what did Doctor Who think the condition of his home planet was? In what episode did Doctor Who acknowledge having had a brother?
Since 2005, what is the gender of Doctor Who's primary traveling companion? Who were the secondary companions of the Ninth and Tenth Doctors? Who was the first Doctor to travel with a married couple? Who is the new companion for the 10th series of the revival? Who played the companion named Donna Noble?
Who was the most frequent musical contributor to Doctor Who in the first 15 years of the show? What was the episode name of Simpson's first Doctor Who score? In what decades was Dudley Simpson most active in contributing to Doctor Who? What was the last Doctor Who episode that Dudley Simpson wrote music for? In what episode did Dudley Simpson play a music conductor?
Who played Doctor Who on stage in the 70's? What was the name of the Doctor Who play from the 1980's? What Doctor Who was written without Doctor Who in it? What was the name of the play performed in the 1970's? Which actor was a replacement for Doctor Who due to the illness of the main actor?
What are the first buildings the university built knows as today? How many quadrangles does the Main Quadrangles have? Who helped designed the Main Quadrangles? The Mitchell Tower is designed to look like what Oxford tower? Hutchinson Hall was designed to look like what Oxford hall?
During what decade did the campus start to look more modern? Who was assigned to design a second master plan? What administration did Ludwig Mies van der Rohe designa buiding? What public policy school found it's home in the building that Ludwig Mies van der Rohe designed? When was the Gerald Ratner Athletics Center constructed?
What is the name of the private day school for K-12 students the university runs? What is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs? How many public charter schools does the university run? What does the Urban Education Institute help run? Where is the Hyde Park Day School located?
What Microsoft CEO is also an alumni of the University of Chicago? Who was the founder of the Oracle Corporation? Who is the third riches man in America? What Goldman Sachs CEO is also an alumni of the University of Chicago? Who founded McKinsey & Company?
What Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences winner is also a university alumni member? What British Prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member? Who was the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences? What university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory?
When was Kublai's administration running out of money? What interfered with Kublai's second invasion of Japan? Where did the Tran dynasty rule? In what battle were the Mongols defeated by the Tran? When were the Mongols defeated by the Tran?
Who was Ayurbarwada's son? When was Geegen the emperor? Who did Gegeen appoint as grand chancellor? What did 'Da Yuan Tong Zhi' mean? How many rival princes were involved in assassinating Gegeen?
What cultures were part of Kublai's administration? What dynasties inspired the Chinese-like elements of Kublai's government? Who were two of Kublai's Chinese advisers? What kind of division of power did Kublai's government have? What were the three parts of Kublai's government?
What was huihui? Who founded the Office of Western Medicine? When was the Office of Western Medicine founded? What aspect of Western medicine did the Chinese dislike? What philosophies underlay Chinese medicine?
Who thought that the Yuan's social class system shouldn't be called social classes? What did Mote think the Yuan class system really represented? There were many Chinese with what unexpected status? There were many Mongols with what unexpected status?
Where does Kenya rang on the CPI scale? What does the CPI scale measure? Where is Kenya place on the scale in 2012? How does Kenya curb coruption?
When did Kibaki and Odinga sing an agreement on the formation of government? What would be Odinga's role in the government? Where did the president appoint cabinet members from? How was it determined how many from each camp would be appointed? How long would this coalition last?
What was the result of the 2007 election? Who decided not to come visit the country in 2013? Where did Kenyatta visit at the invitation of the President? When did Obama finally visit Kenya?
Where are most working children working? What percent of girls are in prostution in Kenyas coastal areas? What is the age range of most prostitutes in Kenya? What are some of the causes of child labor?
What sports are Kenyans active in? What is the country known for? Who dominates the world of long distance running? What countries does Kenya compete with for long distance running?
Who is the chair of the IPCC? What nationality is Hoesung Lee? Who is the vice-chair of the IPCC? Who was the first chair of the IPCC? When did Pachauri resign as chair of the IPCC?
What does the WG I Summary for Policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases? What do increased greenhouse gases cause? How much of the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide? What is the scenario called in which we don't change our greenhouse gas creation practices? How much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century?
What did the IPCC say was mistaken? What did the IPCC apologize for? What was the source of the mistake? What report had the correct date?
When was the paper published that the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on? Who wrote the paper that the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on? What is the nickname for the "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph? What reconstructions supported the 1999 paper's information?
What has successfully dealt with ozone depletion? What did the Kyoto Protocol try to address? Whose goals often still oppose the IPCC?
What kind of cell did cynaobacteria enter long ago? How long ago did cyanobacteria enter a cell? What surrounds chloroplasts? What kind of membrane came from the host? What happened when cyanobacteria was assimilated?
What does 'plastid' mean? How many chloroplast lineages are there? What does rhodophyte mean? What does chloroplastidan mean? Which lineage includes land plants?
What is chloroplast DNA abbreviated as? What is a synonym for chloroplast DNA? When was the plastome discovered? When was the first plastome sequenced? Who sequenced the first plastome?
What shows us lost chloroplasts? What do donated genes give evidence of? What kind of chloroplasts do diatoms have? What kind of chloroplasts did diatoms have but lost?
What is evidence chloroplasts descended from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? What is incorrectly thought about the outer chloroplast membrane? How do both chloroplast membranes compare to cyanobacterium's original double membranes?
What is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have? What are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called? What theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory? Any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what? Why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem?
What is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not? What is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n? What is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? What is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers? As of January 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of?
What conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes? What is a twin prime? Which conjecture holds that for any positive integer n, there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n? Of what form is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of Schinzel's hypothesis? What conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes  between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2?
What does the word prime generally suggest? For a field F containing 0 and 1, what would be the prime field? How can any knot be distinctively indicated? What is an additional meaning intended when the word prime is used? What does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable?
What happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p? To what may general global fields be transferred to or from? Completing Q with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers? What principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory
What flows between the Bingen and Bonn? What gorge is between the Bingen and Bonn? How was the Rhine Gorge formed? What is the area called near the Rhine Gorge with castles from the middle ages? What flows between Bingen and Bonn? Where does the Middle Rhine flow between Bingen and Bonn? What is the Rhine Gorge known for? What is the section of the Rhine Gorge recognized by UNESCO called?
What is the name of the Delta in the Netherlands? Where does the Delta in the Netherlands begin? What is the nickname for the Delta in the Netherlands?
When did the last glacial start? When did the last glacial end? Which direction did the Rhine flow during the last cold phase? How much lower was the North Sea in the last cold phase than it is today? Besides the North Sea and the Irish Channel, what else was lowered in the last cold phase?
When did Europe slowly begin to warm up from the last Ice Age? What did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do? Where did the discharge from glaciers go in Europe in the last Ice Age? When did rapid warming begin and help vegetation? When was Europe fully forested and recovered from the last Ice Age?
When was Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? When would the occupation of allies leave Rhineland? After 1935, who would be forbidden to enter Rhineland? What do some believe the Treaty of Versailles assisted in? When did the German army reoccupy Rhineland?
Where was an elected assembly to be set up, under the terms of the Scotland Act of 1978? How many of the Scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum? What percentage of the vote for a Scottish Assembly in favor of it? How did trying to establish a devolved Scottish Assembly go in 1979? What percentage of Scotland's voting population failed to actually vote?
Where is much of the work of the Scottish Parliament done? What are committees in the Scottish Parliament compared to other systems? What is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role? Taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees' what? Where might committees meet outside of Parliament?
What is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders? What topic do private bills typically have? Who decides how land or property is allowed to be used? What kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the Edinburgh Tram Network?
What is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the Scottish Parliament? Issues dealt with at Westminster are not ones who is able to deal with? Where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on? Most aspects of transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom?
What does being an MSP share with the House of Commons? When was the British Nationality Act passed? How old most a person be to apply to be an MSP? Members of which organizations are disqualified from sitting in the SP as elected MSPs? What act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the SP must adhere?
What type of role that Islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept? What do supporters of Islamism believe their views reflect? The idea that Islam can be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom? What does the inability to separate Islam from Islamism lead many in the West to support? What do progressive moderates of Islam seek to separate?
What type of movement is the Muslim Brotherhood? The Muslim Brotherhood's competence compares well against what type of local governments? What type of assistance to out of town students is the Muslim Brotherhood known for? What are incompetent government's commitment to social justice limited to? Why has the Muslim Brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies?
What was Iqbal studying in England and Germany? What organization did Iqbal join in London? Who was Iqbal a critic of? What year did Iqbal return to Lahore? What book was Iqbal's seven English lectures published as?
What type of regime ruled over Sudan for many years? Who was the leader of the Islamist regime in Sudan? What organization did General Gaafar al-Nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government? How did Turabi build a strong economic base? Where did Turabi place students sympathetic to his views?
What type of group is The Islamic State? Who leads The Islamic State? How many people did the Islamic State control the territory of as of March 2015? What does the Islamic State lack from the international community? What did the Islamic State proclaim itself in 2014?
Where was Friedrich Ratzel born? Where was Halford Mackinder born? Halford Mackinder and Friedrich Ratzel where what kind of geographers? Friedrich Ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country? How would the geographical societies in Europe support certain travelers?
Orientalism refers to how the West developed a what of the East? Early Western texts referencing the East describe the people as being what? The West saw the East as what? What was used by the West to justify control over eastern territories? The West saw themselves as what compared to the east?
When imperialism impacts social norms of a state, what is it called? What is Cultural Imperialism often referred to as? Which American show changed the views of Romanians during the cold war? Which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites? How do regimes fight against cultural imperialism?
some debate that there is a correlation between capitalism, imperialism, and what? When was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism? When were Joseph Schumpeter and Norman Angell at their most prolific writing period? Hobson argued that imperialism was an international what? How did Hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism?
When did France take control of Algeria? When did France begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire? What religion did the French spread along with their imperialism? Where did France focus its efforts to rebuild its empire? When did French Republicans back building the French empire?
When did the movement that would become The United Methodist Church begin? Where did the movement that would become The United Methodist Church begin? Why was the student group called "the Methodists?"
What is the taskforce that was organized to identify with the pro-life position? In what year was there an attempt to withdraw the UMC membership? Who is the president of TUMAS?
Historically, which movement has the Methodist Church supported? When did the UMC's General Board of Church and Society call on all United Methodists to abstain from alcohol for Lent? What was the name of Wesley's famous sermon in which he warned against the dangers of drinking? What does the United Methodist Church use in the sacrament of the Holy Communion?
What does the UMC oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture? The church states that, as Christians, they are aware that neither the way of what is righteous before God?" The Church supports those persons who conscientiously oppose what?
Who ordained the first Methodist clergy? Clergy usually serve as what in local congregations? Elders in full connection are each a member of what? Each deacon in full connection is a member of what?
What time framd does the Seven Years War cover? How long did the fighting last in Seven Years War? When was Montreal captured? What was first battle in 1754?
What was the ratio of British settler to French? Where did British settlers live? Where were populations centered in colonies?
How many men did Duquesne send to relieve  Saint-Pierre ? When did British begin to build fort under William Trent? What was the fort that was being built to be named?
Upon learning of a French scounting party in the area, what did Washington do? What were casualties of battle? Why was Tanaghrisson supporting British efforts?
Who was appointed as second in command to Lor Loudoun in 1756? Who led New France reinforcements in 1756? When did England formally declare war on France?
Who provided a philosophical discussion of force? What was the concept of force an integral part of? How many elements did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of? Where did Aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements? What did Aristotle refer to forced motion as?
Who formed the universal theory of gravitation? In what century was quantum mechanics made? What kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything? What type of physics model did Einstein fail to make?
What theory best explains gravity? What space-time path is seen as a curved line in space? What is the derivative of an object's changing momentum called? In what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time?
What is  the time rate of change of electric charge? What magnetic and electric force acts on a charge? What is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field? Whatare the electrostatic and magnetic force awritten as the sum of?
What causes strain in structures? What is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object? What are associated with normal forces? What includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume?